abandon of spontaneity
abandoned hope
abashed and ashamed
abashed into silence
abated pride
abatement of misery
abbreviated visit
aberrations of judgment
abhorred thraldom        
abhorrence and repulsion
abhorrence of meanness
abiding romance
abilities and attainments
abject and hopeless
abject submission
abjured ambition
able strategist
ably and vigorously
abnormal talents
abominably perverse
abounding happiness
abounding with plenty
abridged statement
abrogated law
abrupt and perilous
abrupt transition
absence of vainglory
absolute and eternal
absolutely irrevocable
absorbed and occupied
absorbed in meditation
absorbed reverie
abstemious diet       
abstinence and self-denial
abstract and metaphysical
abstract character
abstruse reasoning
absurd and impertinent
absurdly dangerous
abundant and sustained
abundant opportunity
abuse and slander
abusive epithet
abysmally apologetic
abyss of ignominy
academic rigor
accelerated progress
accent of conviction
accentual and rhythmic
accentuated playfulness
accepted littleness
accessible pleasures
accessory circumstances
accidental and temporary
accidental lapse
accommodating temper
accomplished and popular
accomplished ease
accord with nature
accredited agent
accretions of time
accumulated burden
accumulation of ages
accuracy of aim
accurate and illuminating
accurate appraisement
accursed enemy
accusing glance
accustomed lucidity
achievement and character
aching desire
acknowledged authority
acoustical effects
acquired timidity
acquisition and possession
acquisition of knowledge
acrid controversy
acrimonious warfare
act with deliberation
active and aggressive
actively zealous
activity of attention
actual and immediate
actualized ideals
acute and painful
acutely conscious
acuteness of sensibility
adamantine rigidity    
adaptive wit
addicted to flattery
adduced facts           
adequate execution
adherence to principle
adhesive quality
administered rebuke
admirable and accomplished
admirable reserve
admissible evidence
admittedly inferior
admixture of fear
admonitory gesture
adolescent youth
adorable vanity
adorn with beauty
adorned and amplified
adroit flatterer
adroitness and judgment
adulated stranger
adventitious way      
adventurous and prodigal
adventurous mind
adverse experience
advice and assistance
affable and courteous
affable in manner         
affably accommodating
affect to believe
affectation and coquetry
affectation of content
affected by externals
affected indifference
affectionate and warm-hearted
affectionate approval
affianced lady
affinity of events
affirmative attitude
afflict with ugliness
affluent and exuberant
affluent language
affright and abhorrence
affrighted slave
aflame with life
age of ignorance
agencies and influences
ages and generations
aggrandizement and plunder
aggravated faults
aggregate body
aggressive and sullen
aggressive selfishness
aghast and incredulous
agile mind
agility and briskness
agility of brain
agitate and control
agitated imagination
agonizing appeal
agony and despair
agony of despair
agreeable and ingenuous
agreeable frankness
aids and auxiliaries
aim and purpose
aimless confusion
air of assumption
airy and frivolous
airy splendor
akin to truth
alarm and uneasiness
alarming rapidity
alert acceptance
alert and unsparing
algebraic brevity
alien splendor
alive to opportunity
all and sundry
all-pervading influence
allayed by sympathy
alleged reluctance
allegiance and fidelity
allegorical vein
allied subjects
allied to virtue
allied with economy
alliterative suggestion
alluring idleness
alone and undistracted
alterations and additions
alternating opinion
altogether dissimilar
altruistic ideal
amatory effusions          
amazement and admiration
amazing artifice
ambidextrous assistant
ambiguity and disagreement
ambiguous grimace
ambition and determination
ambitious of success
ambitious project
ambling pedestrian
ambrosial essence
amenable to reason
amiability of disposition
amiable and unpretending
amiable solicitude
amicable arrangement
amorous youth
ample and admirable
ample culture
amplitude of space
amusing and clever
amusing artlessness
anachronisms of thought
analogous example
analytical and critical
analytical survey
anarchy and chaos
ancestral creed
anchor of moderation
ancient and venerable
ancient garb
anecdote and reminiscence
angelic softness
anger and fury
angle of vision
angry protestations
anguish and hopelessness
anguished entreaty
angular features
animated and effective
animated by victory
animated eloquence
annoying complications
annulment of influence
anomalies and absurdities
anomalous appearance
anonymous benefactor
answering response
antagonism and opposition
antagonistic views
antecedent facts
anticipate with delight
anticipated attention
antipathies and distastes
antiquated and obsolete
antiquated prudery
anxiety and trepidation
anxious misgiving
apathetic greeting
apathy and torpor
aphoristic wit            
aping of manners
apish agility
apocalyptic vision
apocryphal lodger         
apologetic and uneasy
apologetic explanation
apostle of culture
apostrophic dignity
appalling and devastating
appalling difficulties
apparent and palpable
apparent significance
appealing picture
appearance and surroundings
appointed function
apposite illustration
appraised by fashion
appreciable relief
appreciative fervor
apprehensive and anxious
apprehensive dread
apprentice touch
appropriate and eloquent
appropriate designation
approve and admire
approving smile
approximately correct
apt and novel
aptly suggested
arbitrarily imposed
arch conspirator
arched embrasure
archeological pursuits
architectural grandeur
archness and vivacity       
ardent and aspiring
ardent protest
ardor of life
arduous quest
argument and inference
arid and unprofitable
arid formula
aristocratic lineage
aromatic fragrance
arrangement and combination
arrant trifling
arrested development
arrogance of opinion
arrogant and overbearing
arrogant imposition
artful adaptation
artificial and elaborate
artificial suavity
artistic and literary
artistic elegance
artless candor
artlessness and urbanity
ascending supremacy
ascertain with exactness
ascetic devotion
ascribed productiveness
ashamed and speechless
aspect of grandeur
aspects and phases
aspire to rule
aspiring and triumphal
aspiring genius
assailed by conscience
assembled arguments
asserted activity
assiduity and success
assiduously cultivated
assimilated and combined
assimilative power
assuaged and pacified
assumed humiliation
assumption of sternness
assuredly enshrined
astonished and curious
astonishing facility
astound and perplex
astounding mistakes
astute observer
athletic and nimble
athletic prowess
atmosphere of obscurity
atmospheric vagueness
atone in measure
atonement and forgiveness
atoning sacrifice
atrocious and abominable
atrocious expression
atrophied view
attacks and intrigues
attained by effort
attempt to suppress
attended with danger
attending circumstances
attention and respect
attentive deference
attenuated sound
attested loyalty
attitude of mind
attitudes and expressions
attractive exordium   
attractiveness and ability
attribute of weakness
audacious mendicant   
audacity and skill
audible intimations
augmented force
august and splendid
august tribunal
auspicious moment
austere and icy
austere charm
austerities of fanaticism
authentic indications
authoritative critic
authority of manner
autobiographical pages
autocratic power
automatic termination
autumnal skies
auxiliary aids
available and capable
available data
avalanche of scorn
avarice and cruelty
avaricious eyes
avenging fate
avenues of dissemination
average excellence
aversion to publicity
avert by prayer
averted calamity
avidity and earnestness       
avowed intention
awake and active
awakened curiosity
awe and reverence
awed devotion
awful dejection
awkward dilemma
awkwardness and crudity
axiomatic truth
azure sky
babbling gossip
babel and confusion
babel of tongues
bacchanalian desires
bachelor freedom
backbone and sinew
bad omen
baffled and disappointed
baffled sagacity        
balanced and forceful
balanced capacity
baldly described
baleful glances
ballasted by brains
balmy fragrance
ban of exclusion
bandying talk
baneful impression
banished silence
barbarity and wickedness
barbarous statecraft
bards and sages
barefaced appeal
barest commonplaces
barren in intellect
barren of enthusiasm
barren opportunities
barriers of reticence
bars of sunlight
base and unworthy
base intrigues
baseless assumptions
bashful modesty
basic principles
basis of fact
basking in sunshine
battered witticism
beam and blaze
beam of moonlight
beam with self-approval
beaming countenance
bearing and address
bearish rudeness
beast of prey
beatific vision
beautiful and majestic
beautiful modesty
beauty of imagery
beckoning horizon
becoming diffidence
bedraggled and disappointed
bedraggled wretch
befitting honor
befogged and stupefied
beggared of faith
beggarly flimsiness
beguile into reading
beguiling voice
behave with servility
belated acknowledgment
beliefs and practises
belittling fears
bellicose humanity
bellowing and shouting
beneficent career
benevolence and candor
benevolent regard
benighted sense
benign and hopeful
benignant pity         
bent and disposition
bent of mind
benumbed and powerless
beseeching gesture
beset by difficulties
besetting heresy
besotted fanaticism
bestial ferocity
betray into speech
betrayal of trust
bevy of maidens
bewildered and stupefied
bewildering maze
bewilderment of feeling
bewitching airs
beyond peradventure    
bibulous diversions    
big with fate
bigoted contempt
bigots and blockheads
billing and cooing
binding obligation
birds of prey
birth and breeding
bit of portraiture
bite and sting
bits and scraps
bitter and disdainful
bitter recrimination
bitterness of anguish
bizarre apparel
black and solitary
blackening west
blackness of spirit
blameless indolence
blanched desolation
bland and ingenious
bland confidence
blandishments of society
blank misgivings
blasphemous and profane
blasphemous hypocrisy
blast of adversity
blatant discourse
blaze of fury
blazing audacity
blazoned shield
bleak and unrelenting
bleak loneliness
blend and harmonize
blend of dignity
blended impression
blending into harmony
blessed condolence
blessing and benediction
blighted happiness
blind and unreasoning
blind partizan
blind to demonstration
blinded with tears
bliss of solitude
blissful consciousness
blistering satire
blithe disregard
bloated equivalent
bloodless creature
bloodthirsty malice
bloom of earth
blow of fate
blundering and plundering
blundering discourtesy
blunt rusticity         
blurred and confused
blurred vision
blush with shame
bluster and vulgarity
blustering assertion
boast and assertion
boastful positiveness
bodily activity
boisterous edification
bold and haughty
bold generalization
boldness of conception
bombast and egotism
bombastic prating       
bond of alliance
bone and sinew
bone of contention
bookish precision
boon companion
boorish abuse
bored demeanor
borrowed grace
bottomless abyss
bound by opinion
boundless admiration
boundless and unlimited
bountiful supply
bourgeois and snobbish
bouts of civility
boyish appreciation
brag and chatter
braggart pretense
branded by defeat
branded with cowardice
bravado and cowardice
brave and chivalrous
bravely vanquished
braying trumpet
brazen importunity      
breach of law
breath of life
breathless and reverential
breathless eagerness
breeze of anxiety
brevity and condensation
bribery and corruption
brief and pithy
brief tenure
briefless barrister
bright and vivacious
bright interlude
brilliancy and grace
brilliancy of wit
brilliant embodiment
brimful of fun
bring into disrepute
brisk and enlivening
brisk energy
bristling temper
brittle sarcasm
broad and deep
broadening fame
broil of politics
broken murmurs
brood of emotions
brooding and solemn
brooding peace
brought to repentance
brow of expectation
brunt of disgrace
brutal and degrading
brutal composure
bubbling frivolities
bubbling with laughter
bucolic cudgeling     
budding joy
bulk of mankind
bulks and masses
bulky figure
bullied into silence
bundle of conceptions
bungling and trifling
buoyancy of youth
buoyant pluck
burden of proof
burdensome business
buried in solitude
burly strength
burn into memory
burn with indignation
burning zeal
burst into view
burst of confidence
bursting laugh
busily engrossed
business acumen
business of life
businesslike and practicable
bustle and business
bygone period
cabalistic phrase        
cadaverous appearance
cadences of delirium
cajoled and bullied
calamitous course
calamity and sorrow
calculating admiration
call in question
call into question
callous and impervious
callous indifference
calm resignation
calmness and composure
calmness of manner
calumnious suspicions  
calumny and exaggeration
calumny of passion   
candor and kindness
cant and hypocrisy             
cantankerous enemy
canting hypocrite  
capable and efficient
capacious mind
capacity and ability
caprice of inclination
capricious allurements
capricious and unreasonable
captivating speech
cardinal merit
career and occupation
careless of opinion
careless parrying
cares and anxieties
caressing grasp
carping and ungenerous
carping critic
carry into conflict
castellated towers
casual and transient
casual violation
cataclysmic elements
catholicity of spirit    
cause of solicitude
causelessly frightened
causes and circumstances
caustic remark
cautious and reticent
cautious skepticism
cavernous gloom
ceaseless vigilance
celebrated and praised
celebrated instance
celerity and violence           
celerity of movement     
celestial joy
censorious critic
centralized wealth
ceremonious courtesy
ceremony and splendor
certain and verifiable
cerulean blue           
chafe and exasperate
chagrin and despondency
chain of evidence
challenge admiration
chance and opportunity
chance reflections
change and variety
change of habitude
changing exigencies     
chaos and confusion
chaos of confusion
chaotic plans
character and temperament
characteristic and complete
characteristic audacity
characterized by discretion
charges and insinuations
charitable allowance
charm and perfection
charming radiance
chary instincts         
chaste and refined
chastened by sorrow
chastened hope
chatty familiarity
cheap and convenient
cheap resentment
checked and thwarted
cheek by jowl
cheerfulness and gaiety
cheery response
chequered career
cherish and guard
cherished objects
chief and paramount
childlike ingenuousness   
chill into apathy
chill of indifference
chilled and stiffened
chilled cynicism
chimera of superstition  
chirpy familiarities
chivalrous spirit
choicest refinements
choleric and sanguine        
choleric temperament      
choral chant
chorus of approbation    
chronic frailties
churlish temper           
churlishness and violence    
circle of hills
circling eddyings
circuitous information
circulated by malice
circumscribed purpose
citation and allusion
civic consciousness
civility and communicativeness
civilized and cultured
civilizing influence
claim to perpetuity
clammy death
clamor of envy
clamorous and wild
clamorous vibration
clangorous industry
clap of thunder
claptrap and platitude
clarion tone
clarity and straightforwardness
clarity of thinking
clash of arms
class demarcations
classical and perspicuous        
classical objurgation     
clatter and clang
clattering accents
clear and decisive
clear insight
cleverness and acuteness
climactic revelation
clinching proof
cling with tenacity
cloak of ecclesiasticism
cloaked nature
clogged and dulled
clogged by insincerity
cloistered virtue
close condensation
clothe with authority
clothed in truth
cloudy magnificence
clownishly insensible
cloying in sweetness      
cloying sweetness         
clumsy and smudgy
clumsy talk
clustering trees
coarse and grotesque
coarse necessity
coaxed and threatened
coaxing eloquence
code of morals
coercive enactment
coexistent and correlative
cogency of argument
cogent and conclusive
cogent statement
coherent thinking
cohesion and sequence
coined metaphor
cold and unemotional
cold formalities
collateral duties
collective wisdom
colloquial display
colonial character
colored by environment
colossal failure
comatose state
combative tone
combination of calamities
come to nothing
comely and vivacious
comfort and security
comforting reassurance
comic infelicity
coming into vogue
command and threaten
command of wit
commanding attitude
commendable purpose
commercial opulence
commingled emotion
committed to righteousness
commodiously arranged
common and familiar
common substratum
common to humanity
commonplace allusions
commotion and annoyance
community of interest
compact and complete
compact fitness
comparative scantiness
comparison and discrimination
compass and power
compass of imagination
compassionate love
compatible with freedom
compelling force
compendious abstract
compensatory character
competent and experienced
competent authority
competitive enterprise
complacent platitudes
complaining sea
complaints and imprecations     
complaisance and readiness
complaisant observation
complete aloofness
complete and permanent
complex and various
complex notions
complexity of life
complicated maze
complimentary glance
comply with tradition
component aspects
composed zeal
composite growth
composure and gracefulness
compound idea
comprehensive and accurate
comprehensive design
compressed view
compression and pregnancy
compromising rashness
compulsory repetition
compunctious visitings     
concatenated pedantries    
conceal and deny
conceal with difficulty
concealed advantage
conceit and impertinence
conceivable comparison
conceived and consummated
concentrated and intensified
concentrated vigor
conception and treatment
concern and wonder
concerted action
conciliating air
concise and emphatic
concomitant events
concrete and definite
concrete realities
concurrent testimony
condemnable rashness
condemned and upbraided
condemned by posterity
condescending badinage      
conditional approval
conditions and limitations
conducive to happiness
confessed ardor
confession and doubt
confidence and loyalty
confidence of genius
confident in opinion
confidently anticipated
confirmed by habit
confirmed misanthrope   
conflict of will
conflicting influences
conformable to fact
confused mingling
confusion and dismay
confute in argument
congratulations and welcomings
conjectural estimate
conjugal felicity
connected series
connection and interdependence
connotative damage
connubial love
conquered and transformed
conquering intelligence
conquest and acquisition
conquest of difficulty
conscientious objection
conscious repugnance
consciously and purposely
consciousness of peril
consecrated endeavor
consequent retribution
conservative distrust
considerate hint
consigned to oblivion
consistent and harmonious
consistent friendliness
consistent with facts
consoled by prayer
consoling consciousness
conspicuous and impressive
conspicuous ascendency
conspired and contrived
constant and intimate
constant reiteration
constellation of luminaries
constitutional reserve
constrained politeness
constrained to speak
constructive and vital
constructive idealists
consuming zeal
consummate mastery
contagion of conflict
contagious wit
contaminating influence
contemn and decry                    
contemplative in aspect
contemplative nature
contemporary fame
contempt and indignation
contemptuous disrespect
contented indolence
contentment and serenity
contingent reasons
continuity of life
continuous and undeviating
continuous endeavor
contorted and fantastic
contorted expression
contracted view
contradiction of terms
contradictions and inconsistencies
contradictory theories
contrariety of opinion
contrary tendencies
contrast and comparison
contrasted types
contribution to knowledge
contrivance and disguise
controversial disputant
contumelious epithet
convenient footing
conventional and limited
conventional verbiage
conversational decorum
convinced by argument
convincing forcefulness
convivial habits
convulsed by divisions
convulsion of laughter
convulsive agony
cool and indifferent
cool confidence
copious materials
copiousness and vivacity
copiousness of diction
coquettish advances
cord of sympathy
cordial and cheerful
cordial approval
corporate selfishness
corporeal constituent
correct forecast
corresponding variation
corroborated truth
corrosive effect
corrupting tendency
corruption and decay
cosmical changes
cosmopolitan position
costly advantages
costly and gorgeous
counselor and guide
countenance of authority
counterbalancing power
countless and indescribable
countless barriers
courage and endurance
courage of conviction
courageous eagerness
course of existence
courted and feted
courteous and sympathetic
courteous solicitude
courtliness of manner
courtly bearing
cover of hospitality
covered with ignominy
covert curiosity
coveted and deserved
coveted honors
cowardly concession
cowering agitation
coy and furtive
coy reluctance
crackling laughter
crafty deception
craggy eminence
cramped and distorted
cramped energies
crash of thunder
crass stolidity
craven determination
creative and inventive
creative faculty
creature of circumstance
credibly informed
creditable performance
credulity and ignorance
credulous superstition
creeds and dogmas
creeping progress
crime and misdemeanor
criminal negligence
cringe into favor
cringing smile
crippled and maimed
crises and struggles
crisp and sparkling
crisp dialogue
criteria of feeling
critical and skeptical
critical judgment
crouching culprit
crowded and jostled
crown of civilization
crowned and sceptered
crowning indiscretion
crucial instance
crucifying irony
crude affectation
crude and primitive
crudity of thought
cruel and rapacious
cruel handicap
crumbled into dust
crumbling and shapeless
crumbling precipice
crunching jangle
crush with sorrow
crushed and bewildered
crushing sorrow
cry of despair
cryptic saying
crystalline sky
crystallized conclusions
crystallized into action
culinary myrmidons
culminating fascination
culpable behavior
cultivated ferocity
cultured and refined
cultured idleness
cumbrous and diffuse              
cumbrous fragments    
cumbrous in style         
cumulative tendency
cunning and cruelty
cunningly contrived
curbed profligacy
curious and inexpressible
curious coincidence
curl of contempt
current gossip
current of thought
curry favor
cursed inactivity
cursory acquaintance
curt formality
curtained embrasure
curved and channeled
customs and manners
cutting directness
cycloramic sweep
cynical and contemptuous
cynical disregard
damaging admission
damask cheek
dampened ardor
dancing sunshine
dangerous temerity
dangers and pitfalls
dappled shadows
daring and resolute
daring candor
dark and starless
dark superstition
darkened by shadows
darkness of calamity
dart and quiver
dash into fragments
dash of eccentricity
dashing and careless
dashing gallantry
dastardly injustice
dates and details
dauntless courage
dawning instinct
dawning of recognition
day of reckoning
daylight of faith
dazed brain
dazzled and confounded
dazzled by fame
dazzling triumph
deadly virulence
deaf to entreaty
deaf tribunal
deathless structure
debased and demoralized
debasing tendency
debatable point
debilitating and futile
debilitating features
decadent poets
decay of authority
deceiving mists
decencies and restraints
deception and cruelty
decided and definite
decided superiority
decisive manner
declamation and delivery
declamatory treatment   
declaration of indifference
declared brotherhood
decline and decay
decorously adorned
dedicated to friendship
deductions and inferences
deeds of prowess
deep and subtle
deep-seated curiosity
deep-toned lamentations
deepen into confusion
deepening dusk
deface and injure
defame and tarnish
defective construction
defects of temper
defenseless innocence
defensive alliance
deference and concession
deference to custom
deferential regard
defiant and antagonistic
defiant coldness
deficient and unskilled
deficient in insight
deficient vitality
definite and memorable
definite conception
deformed visage
deft and offensive
deft evasion
degenerate into monotony
degraded and dishonored
degrading tendencies
degree of hostility
delectable speculations
delegated power
deliberate abnegation     
deliberate and effective
delicacy of thought
delicate and lambent         
delicate discrimination
delicious vagueness
delight and consolation
delight in learning
delightful variation
delirious ecstasies
delirium of wonder
deluded into believing
delusion and trickery
delusive charm
demagogic style
demands and expectations
demeanor and conduct
democratic institutions
demoniacal force
demonstrable conclusion
demoralizing and enfeebling
demoralizing luxury
demure composure
denial and defense
dense and luminous
denunciations and censures
denunciatory terms
deny with emphasis
departed glories
deplorable and baneful
deplorable decay
depraved by pain
depravity and frivolity
deprecatory shrug
depressed with fear
depressing and discouraging
depressing concomitants
depth and richness
depth of despair
depthless forest
dereliction of duty
derision and skepticism
derisive voice
derogation of character
derogatory denial
descent into death
described and classified
descriptive power
desecrated ideals
desecration and decay
deserted desert
deserved approbation      
designs and activities
desirable distinction
desires and motives
desolating dread
desolation and wretchedness
despairing austerity
despatch and resolution
desperate defiance
desperation and defiance
despicable vices
despise and satirize
despoiled and destroyed
despoiled of riches
despondency and melancholy
despondent exaggeration
despotic rulers
despotism and coercion
destitute of power
destitution and misery
destructive radicalism
desultoriness of detail    
desultory and slipshod       
desultory vacillation     
detached and isolated
detailed portraiture
detected hypocrisies
deterioration in quality
determinate swing
determined and courageous
detestable and intolerable
detestable purpose
dethroned princes
detrimental result
devastating effect
development and culture
device of secrecy
devilish sophistries
deviously subtle
devitalized personality
devoid of merit
devoted and unwavering
devoted attachment
devoted to ideals
devoured by curiosity
devouring ambition
devout thanksgiving
devoutness of faith
dewy coolness
dexterity of phrase
dexterous impudence
diabolical passion
dialectic power
diametrically opposite
diapason of motives        
dictates of conscience
dictatorial and insolent
dictatorial manner
diction and pronunciation
dictionary significance
didactic exposition     
difference in detail
difference of opinion
differences and disputes
different distortion
difficult and arduous
difficult of attainment
difficult portraiture
diffidence and constraint
diffident civility      
diffuse verbosity
diffuseness and warmth
dignified and austere
dignified austerity
dignity of thought
digressional adventure
digressive and wanton
dilapidations of time
dilatory and hesitating     
dilettante mind         
diligent and sedulous       
diligent in application
diligently propagated
dim and distant
dim comprehension
diminish in respect
diminished efficacy
diminution of brutality
diminutive stature
din and traffic
diplomatic skill
dire consummation
direct obligation
directed and controlled
disabilities of age
disagreeable and painful
disappointed and abashed
disappointing attitude
disapprobation and condemnation    
disapproval and apprehension
disarmed criticism
disastrous termination
discarded reminiscences
discerning critic
discipline and development
disciplined mind
disclosed insincerity
discomfited opponent
discomfiture and degradation
disconcerted and dismayed
disconcerted conjecture
disconnected fancies
disconsolate opinions
discontent and disquiet
discordant sounds
discords and differences
discouraging and distressing
discovery and invention
discredited statement
discretion and moderation
discretional opinion
discriminating homage
discursive staggerings
disdain and mockery
disdainful comment
diseased hallucinations
disembodied personality
disengaged air
disfigured and shapeless
disfiguring disguise
disgrace and ruin
disgraceful plight
disgruntled pessimist
disguised contempt
disgust and dismay
disgusted by servility
disgusted protest
disheartening facts
dishonor and ruin
dishonorable submission
disillusioned and ironical
disillusioned youth
disintegrating tendency
disintegration and decay
disinterested and gracious
disinterested motive
disjoined reminiscences
disjointed and voluble            
dislike and disdain
dislocation and chaos
dismal seclusion
dismantled appearance
dismay and apprehension
disordered imagination
disparaging criticism
dispassionate judgment
dispelling fear
dispense with formality
dispirit and discourage
display of prowess
displeasing softness
disposed to cavil          
disposition and power
disproportionate ideas
disputative philosopher
disquieting thrill
disquietude and uneasiness
disreputable aspect
dissenting opinion
dissimilar laws
dissipated illusion
dissolute and hateful
dissolute audacity
dissolve and disappear
dissolve into nothingness
dissolving years
dissonant jargon
distant adherent
distant and diverse
distasteful notion
distempered feeling
distended and distorted
distinct desideratum
distinctive and appropriate
distinctness of vision
distinguishing and differentiating
distort with passion
distorted vanity
distortion of symmetry
distracting babble
distraught air
distress and humiliation
distressing laxity
distrust and aversion
disturbed and anxious
disturbed equanimity
diurnal rotation
divergent calculations
diverging and contracting
diversified attributes
diversity of aspect
diverting interests
divine potentialities
divinity of tradition
dizzy precipice
docile and obedient
documentary evidence
dogged determination
doggerel expressions     
dogma and ritual
dogmatic assurance
doleful forebodings
domain of imagination
domestic endearment
dominant and permanent
dominating influence
domineering insolence
doomed to destruction
dormant and subdued
dormant capacities
doubly odious
doubt and trepidation
doubtful authenticity
downright nonsense
downtrodden drudge
drab apology
dragged into pursuit
drama of action
dramatic and sensational
dramatic liveliness
drastic action
drastic and revolutionary
drawn into controversy
dread and terror
dread presence
dream of vengeance
dreaming adventurer
dreamless rest
dreams and ambitions
dreariness and desolation
dreary disrelish
dregs and sediments
dribbling into words
drill and discipline
driveling and childish
driven by remorse
driven into servitude
driven to despair
droll incongruity
drollery and ridicule
droning world
drooping and disconsolate
drop of comfort
drowsy tranquillity
dubious and dangerous
dubious success
ductile language
ductility of expression
dulcet tone
dull and spiritless
dull aversion
dull of comprehension
dulled into acquiescence
dumb and nerveless
dumb surprise
dumbfounded amazement
dupe and victim
duplicities of might
duplicity and equivocation
durable impression
dusky obscurity
dust and oblivion
dust of defeat
duties and difficulties
dutiful compliance
dwarf to unimportance
dwarfed and obscured
dwarfed in numbers
dwindle and disappear
dynamic energy
dynastic insolence
eager animosity
eagerness and ecstasy
early servitude
earnestly espoused
earnestness and animation
earnestness of enthusiasm
earthly splendor
ease and lightness
easy garrulity          
easy of access
ebb and flow
ebullitions of anger   
eccentric casuists
eccentricity of judgment
ecclesiastical rule
echo with merriment
echoless silence
eclectic and assimilated
economic absurdity
ecstasy of despair
ecstatically happy
edifying and enchanting
edifying exhortation
education and skill
educational enterprise
effect of loveliness
effective and competent
effective embellishment
effectual stimulus
effeminate grace
effervescent multitude
effete aristocracy
efficacious power
efficacy of change
efficiency and success
efficient education
efflorescent style     
effulgent daybeams     
effusion of sentiment
egoistic sentiment
egotism and bigotry
egregious mistake      
ejaculatory prayer
elaborate composition
elaboration and display
elastic ductility
elasticity of mind
elation and delight
electric effluvium     
electrify into activity
elegance and gentility
elegant mediocrity
element of compulsion
elemental emotions
elementary and simple
elephantine footsteps
elevate and ennoble
elevated enjoyment
elevated into importance
elevation of sentiment
elfish grace
eligibility and suitableness
elongated and narrow
eloquence of passion
eloquent and expressive
eloquent refutation
elusive and exquisite
elusive charm
emancipating labors
embarrassed and concerned
embarrassed by timidity
embarrassing variety
embellished truths
embittered and despairing
embittered gaze
emblazoned pinnacles
embodiment and actualization
embryo enterprise
emerald scintillations
emerged and flowered
eminent and remarkable
eminent nonentity
emoluments and honors             
emotion and passion
emotional warmth
emotions of joy
emotive power
emphasize and magnify
emphatic earnestness
empirical corroboration
employment and profession
empowered to act
empty phraseology
emulative zeal
emulous of truth        
enamored troubadour
enchanted garden
encircling embrace
encouraged by success
encouragement and stimulus
encroachments of time
encumbrance of mystery
end in smoke
endeared to all
endearing appellation   
endless dissertation
endow with intelligence
endued with faith          
endure with fortitude
enduring charm
energetic enthusiasm
energy and activity
energy of youth
enervating humility     
enfeebled activity
enfeebled and exhausted
enfeebled by age
enfold and enwrap
enforced by action
enforced silence
engaging affability
engendered feelings
engrossing purpose
engulfed and buried
engulfing waters
enhanced reputation
enigma of life
enigmatical silence
enjoined by religion
enjoyment and satisfaction
enlightened solicitude
enlightenment and progress
enlivened monotony
ennobling personality
enormously outbalanced
enquire into precedents
enraptured and amazed
enraptured attention
enriched and ennobled
enriched by gifts
enriched experience
enslave and dominate
entangled subject
enter into controversy
enterprising and intelligent
entertaining and diverting
enthralling charm
enthusiasm and zeal
enthusiastic adherents
enticing and alluring
enticing odors
entire and complete
entire domain
entrancing sadness
enumerate in detail
enveloping presence
envenomed attacks
enviable superiority
environing conditions
environment and training
envy and despair
ephemeral and feeble         
ephemeral duration       
epicurean taste
epigrammatic sallies     
episodes and interludes
epithet and description
equable composure
equality and solidarity
equally efficacious
equanimity of mind
equitably governed
equity and justice
equivocal compliment
era of fads
erotic poem
errant thoughts
erratic and confused
erratic flight
erroneous assumption
error of judgment
errors and infirmities
erudite labors          
eruptive violence
esoteric doctrine
especial pleasure
essence of eloquence
essential and predominating
essential prerequisite
established by convention
estimable and agreeable
estimable qualities
eternal and sublime
eternal hostility
ethereal azure
ethical and religious
ethical wisdom
euphuistic affectations   
evanescent glances        
evangelic doctrine
evasive answer
eventful circumstance
eventual failure
ever and anon
everlasting mysteries
everyday reality
evident and manifest
evident authority
evil necromancy           
eviscerating shrieks
evoked by shame
exact antithesis
exacting taskmaster
exactitude and completeness
exaggerate and distort
exaggerated estimate
exaltation and enthusiasm
exalted imagination
examination and comparison
examine with curiosity
examples and models
exasperating coolness
exasperations and paroxysms   
exceedingly acceptable
excellence of vision
excellent and worthy
excellent discernment
exceptional and remarkable
exceptional magnitude
excess of candor
excessive and unreasonable
excessive zeal
excitable and irritable
excitable temperament
excitation of purpose
excite to pity
exclusive and limited
exclusive pursuit
excretory secretion
excruciating accents
excursive fancy
excursiveness of thought
excusable and justifiable
execrable villainy    
execration and defiance       
executive efficiency
exemplary conduct
exertion and excitement
exhaustion and fatigue
exhaustless energy
exhibition and display
exhibition of joy
exhilarating and beneficial
exhilarating charm
exhilaration of spirits
exigency and requirement      
exoteric scorn        
exotic appearance
expand into weakness
expansive and digressive
expansive benevolence
expectant throng
expediency and utility
expeditionary force
expeditiously secreted
expenditure of energy
expensive and unprofitable
experience and skill
experienced in duplicity
experiment and explorations
experimental suggestion
expert and vigorous
expiatory sacrifices
explanation and elucidation
explicit injunction
explore and examine
explosion of rage
explosive violence
exposed to derision
expression of sternness
expressionless visage
expressions and exclamations
expressive and effective
expressive lineaments
exquisite and powerful
exquisite tact
extemporaneous effusion
extended magnitude
extension of experience
extent and importance
extenuating circumstance
external cheerfulness
extraneous ideas
extraordinary and unexpected
extraordinary vivacity
extravagance of eulogy
extravagant and grotesque
extravagant caprice
extreme and morbid
extremely picturesque
extremity of fortune
exuberance of wit
exuberant and infectious
exuberant mirth
exultant condition
fabric of fact
fabulous and fabricated
face with indifference
facetious mood
facile and brilliant
facile criticism
facility of expression
factitious propensity
facts and traditions
faculties and powers
faculty of perception
fade into insignificance
faded and withered
faded magnificence
failure of coordination
failures and misadventures
faint and obscure
faintly sinister
fair and impartial
faith and reverence
faithfully perpetuated
fall into decay
fallacious hopes
fallacy and danger
false and fugitive
false illusions
faltering tongue
fame and fortune
familiar and gracious
familiar sacredness
famished voracity
famous and foremost
fanatical admiration
fancies and sentiments
fanciful alliance
fanciful and chimerical       
fantastic and meretricious    
fantastic display
far-reaching influence
farcical expedient
fascinated, by mystery
fascinating illusiveness
fascination and awe
fashion and frivolity
fashion into festoons
fashioned symmetrically
fastidious and exacting
fastidious taste
fatal disclosure
fatalistic belief
fathomless powers
fatigued and careworn
fatiguing assertion
fattening servitude
fatuous pedantry      
faultless taste
faults and delusions
favorable augury
favored by fortune
favors and kindnesses
fawning flatteries
fear and bewilderment
fearful imprecations
fearless integrity
feasible and practical
feasible mode
feast of reason
feats of strength
feeble dribble
feeble in influence
feebleness and folly
feebleness of purpose
feeling and passion
feeling of uneasiness
feigned reluctance
felicities of expression
felicitous and exquisite
felicitous expression
feminine capriciousness
ferocious and mercenary
ferocious foe
fertile fancy
fertile in consequence
fertility and vigor
fertility of invention
fervent invocation
fervid enthusiasm
fervor and simplicity
fervor of devotion
festive illuminations
fetid dampness
fettered by systems
fettered tyranny
feverish bewilderment
feverishly and furiously
fickle and uncertain
fickle fancy
fickleness of fortune
fictitious pretext
fidelity and zeal
fidgety impatience
field of activity
fierce and menacing
fierce resentment
fierceness of jealousy
fiery and controversial
fiery indignation
figurative eloquence
filial tenderness
final and irreversible
final enthronement
fine sensibilities
fineness of vision
finish and completeness
finished artistry
fire of imagination
fired by wrath
fireside delights
firm and decisive
firmament of literature
firmness of purpose
first and foremost
fit of laughter
fitful and capricious
fitful desire
fitness of circumstance
fitting and appropriate
fitting opportunity
fixity and finality
fixity of purpose
fizzing flame
flaccid faith
flag of truce
flagging popularity
flagitious attack
flagrant boasting
flamboyant brilliancy
flame into war
flaming and mendacious     
flaming zeal
flare and flicker
flash of humor
flashing wit
flashlight of introspection
flat denial
flatness and insipidity
flattering aspect
flattery and toadyism
flaunting insolence
flawless constitution
fleecy clouds
fleeting intimation
fleetness of foot
flexibility of spirit
flexible and spontaneous
flicker of recognition
flickering and ambiguous
flickering conscience
flight of fancy
flighty and impetuous
flighty obstinacy
flimsy organization
flippant and contemptuous
flippant ease
floating blackness
flood of hatred
florid and healthy         
florid oratory           
flotsam and jetsam
flourish in luxuriance
flourish of manner
flow and fullness
flower into sympathy
flower of life
flowery and figurative
flowery circumlocution
flowing imagery
fluctuating and transitory
fluctuating light
fluctuation of fortune
fluency and flippancy
fluent sophist
fluffy indignation
fluid ideas
flush of youth
flushed embarrassment
flushed with pride
flutter of expectation
fluttering and restless
fluttering laugh
fly to platitudes
focus and concentrate
focused attention
fog of sentimentalism
foggy notion
fogs and complications
foibles and follies
foiled and defeated
folly and indecorum
fond enthusiast
foolish frenzy
fools and underlings
forbearing silence
forbid by authority
forbidding air
force and effectiveness
force of conviction
forced into action
forceful audacity
foredoomed to failure
foregone conclusion
foremost opponent
forensic orator
forest of faces
forest stillness
forgotten graveyard
forlorn desolation
form of captiousness      
formal acquiescence
formal and cold
formidable and profound
formidable barrier
formless jottings
formlessness and exaggeration
formulated conclusions
fortified by faith
fortified selfishness
fortitude and perseverance
fortuitous circumstance
foul and ominous
foul calumny         
founded in truth
fountain of learning
fragile and pale
fragile form
fragment of conversation
fragmentary facts
fragments and morsels
fragrance and beauty
fragrant reminiscence
frail craft
frailties and absurdities
frame of mind
frank admiration
frank and genial
frankness of manner
frantic ardor
fraternal pity
fraught with peril
freak of fancy
freakish humor
free and independent
freeborn soul
freedom of enterprise
freezing disdain
frenzied haste
frenzy of pursuit
frequent and poignant
frequent digression
fresh impetus
freshening breeze
freshness and fragrance
freshness of feeling
fretful and timorous
fretful discontent
friend and benefactor
friendly familiarity
frightened sense
frightful apparition
frigid and pompous
frigid disdain
frigidity of address
frisky lightness
frivolity of tone
frivolous and empty
frivolous expedient
frolicsome extravagance
froth and effervescence
frown of meditation
frozen into form
frozen wonder
fructifying thought       
fruitful indignation
fruitless repining
frustrated and confounded
fuddled and contradictory
fugitive thoughts
fulfilment of purpose
full and sonorous
full plenitude
fulness of time
fulsome praise
fumbling and blundering
fumbling endeavor
fuming and bustling
fun and satire
function and aim
functional disparity
fundamental and necessary
fundamental principles
funereal gloom
furious invective         
furious with indignation
furrowed and ragged
furrowed cheeks
furtive and illusive
furtive glance
fury and madness
fury of resentment
fuse into unity
fussing and fuming
fussy enthusiasms
futile and untrustworthy
futile babble
futility of pride
gabbling reminiscences   
gaiety and grace
gaiety of spirit
gales of laughter
gallant and proud
galling and humiliating
galling thought
galvanic jumpings
galvanize into life
gaping chasm
garb of thought
garbled information
garish decorations
garlands of roses
garnered experience
gateway of fancy
gathering gloom
gaudy embellishments
gaunt and ghastly
gaunt specter
gay and genial
gay defiance
gaze in astonishment
gem of truth
general acclamation
general and universal
generative influence
generic characteristics
generosity and prodigality
generous abundance
generous and humane
genial and refreshing
genial tolerance
genius and reputation
genteel parlance
gentle and amiable
gentle blandishments     
gentlemanly personage
genuine and infectious
genuine cynicism
genuineness of sentiment
geological enigma
geometrical progression
germ and root
germinal idea
gesticulation and emphasis
gesture of despair
ghastly and inconceivable
ghastly loneliness
ghostly apparitions
giant height
giddy pleasure
gift of repartee
gifted intelligence
gifts and graces
gigantic and portentous
gigantic sagacity     
girlish sprightliness
given to extravagance
gladdening influence
gladiatorial exercise
gladsome glow
glamor of sensationalism
glamour and fascination
glare and pretension
glare of scrutiny
glaring impropriety
glassy smoothness
gleam of light
gleaming escutcheon
gleeful spirit
glib and loquacious           
glib of speech
glibly condoned
gliding measures
glimmer of suspicion
glimmering idea
glistening dewdrop
glitter and glamour
glittering epigram
gloomy and morose
gloomy musing
glorious and gorgeous
glorious freedom
glory of salvation
glossed faults
glow of enthusiasm
glowering countenance
glowing and exaggerated
glowing anticipations
glowing with delight
glum and grim
gnawing thoughts
go in pursuit
go into raptures
goaded into action
godlike independence
golden opportunity
good-humored gibes
goodness and rectitude
goodwill and merriment
gorgeous splendor
gorgeousness and splendor
gorgeousness of coloring
gossiping and grumbling
gossiping opinion
govern and overrule
governed by precedent
governing impulse
grace and dignity
grace of simplicity
graceful demeanor
graceful in proportion
gracious and generous
gracious immunity
gradations of outrage
gradual and progressive
graduated sequence
graft and dishonesty
grand and sublime
grandeur and massiveness
grandeur of outline
grandiose and oracular        
grandiose nomenclature
graphic and gorgeous
graphic portrayal
grasp of comprehension
grasping credulity
gratification and enjoyment
gratitude and generosity
gratuitous and ungracious
gratuitous rudeness
grave and stately
grave reticence
graveyards and solitudes
gravity of manner
greatness and stability
greatness of nature
greed and covetousness
greed of office
greedy grasp
gregarious humanity
grief and remorse
grievously in error
grievously mistaken
grim and sullen
grim swiftness
grimace of disappointment
grimaces and gesticulations
grimness of spirit
grinding despotism
grinning ghosts
grip of attention
griping fascination
grizzled warrior
grope and fumble
gross exaggeration
grossness and brutality
grotesque and monstrous
grotesque perversion
ground to atoms
groundless fear
groundwork of melancholy
grouped and combined
groveling servility
growing tension
growth and development
growth of experience
grudging thanks
grumbling monotone
guesses and fancies
guidance and inspiration
guide of aspiration
guided by instinct
guileless zeal
gulf of incongruity
gullible humanity
gurgling brooks
gush and hysteria
gushing enthusiasm
gust of laughter
gusto and effect
gusty clamor
guttural incoherence
gymnastic agility
habits and humors
habitual and intuitive
habitual deference
hackneyed and tawdry
hackneyed statement
haggard and pale
hairbreadth difference
halcyon innocence         
hallowed stillness
halting praise
hampered power
handsome and amiable
handsomely recompensed
haphazard and dangerous
haphazard ostentation
happiness and pleasantness
happy intuition
harass and pursue
harassed to death
harassing anxiety
harbor of refuge
hard and unsparing
hardened indifference
hardships and indignities
harmless mirth
harmonious grace
harmony and beauty
harrowing details
harsh and austere
harsh jarrings
harvest of regrets
hasty and unwarranted
hasty generalization
hateful and loathsome
hateful malignity
haughtiness and arrogance
haughty composure
haunted by visions
haunting despair
hauteur and disdain            
haven of rest
hazard and peril
hazardous enterprise
haze of distance
hazy and indefinite
hazy recollection
headlong vehemence
headstrong and foolish
healthful vitality
healthy and vigorous
heartfelt amity
hearth and shrine
heartless and hypocritical
heartless perfidy       
heartrending outcry
hearty contempt
heat and impatience
heat of enthusiasm
heated discussion
heathen hordes
heavenly ecstasies
heaviness and weariness
heavy handicap
hecklings and interruptions
hectic and pitiful
hectic tittering
hectoring rant
heedless love
height of absurdity
heightened charm
heinous enormity
helpless innocence
herculean monster
hereditary arrogance
heretical opinions
heretics and schismatics
heritage and privilege
hermetically sealed
heroic fortitude
heroism and wisdom
hesitating courage
hesitation and irresolution
heterogeneous mass
hidden pitfalls
hideous and grotesque
hideous phantom
high and conscientious
high-flying theories
highly meritorious
hilarious outburst
hilarity and mirth
hillside mist
hint of bitterness
hints and suggestions
hissing murmur
historic edifice
history and tradition
hither and thither
hoarded vengeance
hoarse and rumbling
hoary antiquity
hobbies and eccentricities
hold in bondage
hollow joys
hollowness and unreality
holy and prayerful
homebred virtues
homeless wind
homeliness and simplicity
homely pathos
homespun play
homicidal mania
homogeneous whole
honest admiration
honestly and confessedly
honeyed eloquence
honors and emoluments         
hooligan wind
hooted and mobbed
hopeful of success
hopelessly befogged
hopes and prospects
horizon of life
horrible swiftness
horrid significance
horror and ghastliness
horror of solitude
hortatory moonshine
hospitable courtesy
hospitality and magnificence
hostile partizan
hostile to progress
hot frenzy
hovering presence
howling chaos
hubbub and confusion
hubbub of talk
huddled faculties
hue of divinity
huge and unwieldy
huge aspiration
hum of pleasure
human derelict
humane and sympathetic
humanitarian impulse
humbly propitiating        
humdrum inconsistencies
humid luster
humiliating discomfiture
humility and devoutness
humorless variety
humorous urbanity
humors and singularities
hungry satisfaction
hurry and bustle
hurrying years
hurtful indulgence
hush of suspense
hushed and still
hushed by denial
hushed into silence
hushed laughter
husks and phantoms
husky shrillness
hybrid emotions
hypnotic fascination
hypochondriacal terrors
hypocrisy and impudence
hypocritical pretense
hysterical agitation
iconoclastic attitude
icy smile
idealistic type
ideals of excellence
ideas and achievements
identical mode
idiomatic propriety
idiotic obstinacy
idle and presumptuous
idle jesting
idol of society
idolatrous fervor
idyllic nonsense
ignoble and shabby
ignoble domination
ignominious retreat
ignominy and misfortune
ignorance and superstition
ill-concealed impatience
ill-tempered and unjust
illiberal superstition
illimitable progression
illiterate and unfit
illiterate denizens
illogical interruption
illuminating insight
illuminative and suggestive
illusion of youth
illusive touch
illustrative and typical
illustrative anecdote
illustrious era
images and impressions
imagination and memory
imaginative warmth
imbitter and exasperate
imbittered controversy
imbued with courage
imitators and disciples
immaterial connection
immature and unpromising
immature dissent
immeasurable scorn
immediate abjuration       
immediate and instantaneous
immemorial bulwark
immense complacency
immensity and intricacy
immensity of extent
immersed in thought
imminent and terrible
imminent perplexities
immitigable contempt
immoderate grief
immolation of genius
immortal creation
immovable and unchangeable
immovably silent
immutable law
impaired prestige
impalpable and spiritual
impalpable nothingness
impartial justice
impassable serenity
impassioned and energetic
impassioned impulse
impatient and restless
impatient of restraint
impatient yearning
impeccable felicity
impecunious exile
impelled by duty
impelling movement
impending fate
impenetrable calmness
imperative necessity
imperceptible deviation
imperfect equipment
imperfection and fallibility
imperial authority
imperil and destroy
imperious and ruthless         
imperious mind        
imperishable renown
impersonal compliment
impertinent and personal
impertinent drollery
imperturbable gravity
impervious to suggestion
impetuosity of youth
impetuous zeal
impinging and inexorable
impious defiance
impish humor
implacability of resentment
implacable and destructive
implacable resentment
implicit faith
implied concealment
implored pardon
imponderable air
important and formidable
important epoch
importunate questions     
imposed and enforced
imposing mien
impossibilities and absurdities
impossible contingency
impossible to reconcile
impotent desperation
impotent of ideas
impotent to save
impoverished age
impracticable obstinacy
impregnable fortress
impress of individuality
impressible and plastic
impressionistic stroke
imprisoning limitations
improbable conjecture
impromptu utterance
improvement and progress
improvising powers
imprudent and thoughtless
imprudent indebtedness
impudent knowingness
impulse and indignation
impulse of enthusiasm
impulsive gratitude
imputation of eccentricity
inaccessible and audacious
inaccessible dignity
inactive and supine
inadequate and misleading
inadequate appreciation
inadmissible expression
inadvertent remark
inalienable right
inanimate existence
inapplicable and alien
inapposite blandness    
inaptly designated
inarticulate and confused
inarticulate lispings
inaugural discourse
inborn and native
inborn refinement
inbred taste
incalculable mischief
incapable of veracity
incarnate hate
incendiary opinions
incensed and alarmed
incentive to devotion
incessant volume
inchoate and tentative         
incidental duty
incipient fancy
incisive critic
incitement to anger
inclined to vascillate
incoherent and inconclusive
incoherent loquacity    
incommunicable gift
incomparable excellence
incompatible with reason
incompetence and ignorance
incomplete and erroneous
incompletely apprehended
inconceivable absurdity
incongruity and absurdity
incongruous contrast
inconsiderable trifle
inconsistent conduct
inconsistent with beauty
inconsolable cares
incontestable inference
incontrovertible proof
inconvenient and troublesome
incorrigible and irrepressible
incorrigible merriment
incorruptible constancy
increasing clamor
incredible swiftness
incredulous and mortified
inculcated by practise
incursions into controversy
indecent saturnalia       
indecorously amused
indefatigable and irresistible
indefatigable diligence   
indefeasible title        
indefinable reluctance
indefinite and vague
indefinite yearning
indelible obligation
indelicate impetuosity
indented outline
independence of mind
independent and democratic
independent research
indescribably lugubriou   
indestructible atoms
indeterminable value
index of character
indifference and brevity
indifference to truth
indifferent promise
indigence and obscurity
indigenous growth
indignant denunciation
indignation and chagrin
indirect interrogation
indirectly and unconsciously
indiscriminate censure
indispensable and irreplaceable
indispensable requisites
indisputable chronicler
indissoluble compact
indistinct and misty
indistinct association
individual valor
indivisible aspects
indolence and indifference
indolence of temperament
indolent neglect
indomitable and dogged
indomitable pride
indorsed and applauded
indubitable signs
induced by misrepresentation
indulge and cherish
indulge in reverie
indulgence of vanity
indulgent construction
industrious and vigilant
indwelling delight
ineffable disdain
ineffaceable incongruity   
ineffective and bungling
ineffectual blandishment
inequality of treatment
ineradicable coquetry
inert and uncertain
inestimable honor
inevitable and assured
inevitable corollary
inexcusable laughter
inexhaustible abundance
inexhaustible and indomitable
inexorable authority       
inexperienced and timid
inexplicable reluctance
inexpressible benignity
inextricable confusion
infallible and disdainful
infallible judgment
infamous pretense
infantile simplicity
infectious hilarity
infelicitous arrangement
inference and suggestion
inferential method
inferior in character
infernal machinations
infinite and eternal
infinite deference
infinitesimal gradations
infinity of height
infirm purpose
infirmity of temper
inflamed curiosity
inflamed with rage
inflated optimism
inflexible and unchanging
inflexible integrity
influence and authority
influenced by caution
influential in society
influential voice
informed and competent
informing feature
infuriated demagogues
infusion of hatred
ingenious and eloquent
ingenious trick
ingenuity in planning
inglorious victory
ingrained love
ingratiating exterior
ingratitude and cruelty
inharmonious and irregular
inharmonious prelude
inherent dignity
inheritance of honor
inherited anxieties
inimitable felicity
iniquitous fortune
initiatory period
injudicious yielding
injured conceit
injustice and inhumanity
inky blackness
inmost recesses
innate forbearance
inner restlessness
innocence and fidelity
innocent amenities
innocuous desuetude       
innovating spirit
innuendo and suggestion
inoffensive copiousness
inopportune and futile
inopportune condition
inordinate ambition
inquisitional rack
inquisitive observer
insanely and blindly
insatiable vanity
inscrutable and perplexing
inscrutable austerity
insecure truce
insecurity and precariousness
insensate barbarism
insensibility of danger
insensibly and graciously
insensibly flattered
inseparably associated
insidious tendency
insight into truth
insignificant and transitory
insignificant blot
insincere and worthless
insincere profession
insinuatingly pursued
insipid and silly
insipid tameness
insistent and incongruous
insistent babel
insolence and absurdity
insolence of office
insolent placidity
insoluble riddles
inspiration of genius
inspired by love
inspired with patriotism
inspiring achievement
inspiring and animating
inspiriting spectacle
instability of purpose
instance in point
instant and momentous
instant readiness
instantaneous cessations
instinctive and rational
instinctive disapproval
instrument of expression
insufferably dull
insufficient appeal
insular strength
insulted and thwarted
insulting invectives      
insuperable difficulty
insurmountable obstacles
intangible and indefinable
intangible something
integral and indestructible
integral element
integrity and honor
integrity of mind
intellectual integrity
intelligence and insight
intelligent adaptation
intemperate scorn
intense and overpowering
intense perplexity
intensity of faith
intensive cultivation
intent to deceive
intentional garbling
intentness and interest
interchange of ideas
interesting and engrossing
interior spirit
interlocking directorate
intermediate link
interminable question
intermingled gloom
intermittent threats
internal dissension
interpolated speech
interpretative criticism
interval of leisure
interwoven thread
intimate and familiar
intimately allied
intolerable to society
intolerably tedious
intolerant and bumptious     
intoxicated with joy
intoxicating hum
intoxication of vanity
intractable and untameable
intractable temper
intrenched privilege
intrepid dexterity
intrepidity of youth
intricate and endless
intricate interlacings
intriguing braggart
intrinsic fecundity       
intrusive and unmannerly
intrusive brightness
intuition of immortality
intuitive and axiomatic
intuitive perception
inured to fatigue         
invaluable composition
invariable kindness
invasion and aggression
invasion of thought
invective and innuendo       
inveighing incessantly    
inveigled into dispute     
inventive jealousy
investigation and research
inveterate antipathy
invidious and painful        
invidious mention         
invigorating discipline
invincible optimism
inviolable confidence
inviolate and unscathed
invisible and silent
invocation to sleep
involuntary and automatic
involuntary yearnings
involuted sentences       
involved in obscurity
involved pomposity
invulnerable solemnity
inward disinclination
irascible doggedness
irate remonstrance
iridescent sheen
irksome and distasteful
irksome task
iron resolution
ironic iciness
irony of life
irradiating spirit
irrational and excessive
irrational awe
irreclaimable dead
irreconcilable parting
irrecoverably lost
irrefragable laws          
irrefutable argument
irregular and intermittent
irregular constellations
irrelevant suggestion
irreligious and immoral
irremediable and eternal
irremediable sorrow
irreparable injury
irrepressible and insistent
irrepressible excitement
irreproachable exterior
irresistible will
irresponsible gossip
irretrievable blunder
irreverence and ingratitude
irreverent audacity
irreversible facts
irrevocable verdict
irritable and churlish        
irritable impatience
isolated and detached
isolated splendor
jabber and chatter
jaded sensibility
jagged and multifarious
jagged outline
jangle of sounds
jargon and absurdity
jargon of philosophy
jarring discord
jaundiced and jealous
jaundiced opinion
jaunty confidence
jealous animosity
jeer and scoff
jeopardy and instability
jesting allusion
jests and sarcasms
jingling alliteration
jocular and vivacious
jocular mirth
jocund host          
jostle and stumble
jostling confusion
jovial fancy
joy and felicity
joyful alacrity
joyous stagnation
jubilant and boastful
jubilant antagonist
judgment and discretion
judicial impartiality
judicious and acute
judicious candor
juggled and manipulated
jumble and confuse
jumble of facts
juncture and circumstance
jurisdiction and authority
just rebuke
justice and virtue
justness of decision
juvenile and budding
juvenile attempt
kaleidoscopic pictures
keen and pertinacious      
keen insight
keenness of intellect
kept in abeyance
kernel of truth
key of knowledge
keynote of success
kind and forbearing
kindle and intensify
kindle into action
kindle with enthusiasm
kindled enthusiasm
kindly innocence
kindred and analogous
kindred sympathies
king of finance
kingly and autocratic
kingly generosity
kinship of humanity
knavish and tyrannical
knavish conduct
knightly achievement
knowledge and conviction
known and recognized
known disingenuousness   
labor and drudgery
labored levity
labyrinthian windings
lacerated feelings
lachrymose monotony
lack of restraint
lackadaisical manner
laconic force
lagging footsteps
lame and impotent
lamentable and depressing
lamentable helplessness
landmarks in memory
languid and indifferent
languid impertinence
languish in obscurity
languor of nature     
lapse into pedantry        
lapse of time
large and opulent
large receptivity
lash into silence
lashing scorn
lassitude and languor      
latent and lifeless
latent conviction
latitude and scope
laudable and deserving
laudable zeal
laugh to scorn
laugh with glee
laughable absurdity
laughable and grotesque
launch into disapproval
lavish and wasteful
lavish liberality
lawless freedom
lawlessness and violence
laws of decorum
laxity and forbearance
laxity of mind
laziness and profligacy
lazy acquiescence
lead into captivity
leaden steps
leafage and fruitage
leap into currency
leaping ambition
learned by rote
learned gravity
learning and austerity
leering smile
left to conjecture
legacy of thought
legal perspicacity       
legendary associations
legends and traditions
legislative enactment
legitimate and logical
legitimate inference
leisure and tranquillity
leisurely composure
lengthening shadows
lengthy and diffuse
lenient and sympathetic
leonine powers
lethargic temperament
lethargy and sloth
lettered coxcomb         
levity and gaiety
liberal and ample
liberal contemplations
liberty and freedom
liberty of conscience
license and laxity
lie in wait
lifeless imbecility
lifelong adherence
light of experience
lightless eyes
lightly disregard
lightning glare
likely and plausible
limit of endurance
limited and abbreviated
limited in scope
limpid twilight
linger in expectation
lingering tenderness
linguistic attainments
link of sequence
liquid eloquence
lisping utterance
listen in amazement
listening reverence
listless and inert
listless apathy
literal and exact
literal exactness
literary and artistic
literary research
lithe and sinewy
lithe contortions
little idiosyncrasies
lively and poignant
lively susceptibility
livid lightning
living manifestation
loathsome and abject
loathsome oppression
local busybody
loftiest aspirations
loftiness of spirit
lofty and sonorous
logical and consistent
logical precision
lone magnificence
longing fancy
look of dominance
looming probabilities
loophole of escape
loquacious assurances   
loquacity and exuberance     
lordly abhorrence
loss and deterioration
lost in awe
lost to remembrance
loud and passionate
loud vociferation   
lounging gait
loutish rudeness
love of approbation   
loving and reverential
lovingly quizzical
low and groveling
lower in estimation
lowering aspects
lowest degradation
loyal adhesion
loyal and devoted
lucid treatment
lucidity and vividness
lucky and propitious         
lucrative and advantageous
lucrative profession
ludicrous and detestable
ludicrous incongruity
lugubrious and unfortunate   
lugubrious question   
lukewarm and indifferent
lukewarm repentance
lull and silence
lulled into indifference
lumbering gaiety
luminous and keen
luminous interpretation
lure and captivate
lurid and fiery
lurid picturesqueness
lurking suspicion
luscious and lasting
lust of conquest
luster and resplendence
lustihood of youth
lustrous surface
lusty and big-sounding
luxuriance of expression
luxuriant in fancy
luxuriant richness
luxury and pomp
lying equivocations
maddening monotony
madness and folly
magic fascination
magical and secret
magisterial emphasis
magnanimity of mind
magnanimous concessions
magnetic fascination
magnificent and luxurious
magnificent florescence
magniloquent diction       
maidenly timidity
main ramifications
majestic and imposing
majestic dignity
majesty of despair
maladjusted marriages
malevolent ingenuity
malice and revenge
malicious aspersions
malign influence
malignity and spitefulness
malodorous gentility
man of iron
manageable proportions
mangled arguments
manifest reluctance
manifold and complex
manifold functions
manly and powerful
manly reticence
manner and conduct
mantle of verdure   
mantling smile          
manual dexterity
manufactured melancholy
marked by acuteness
marked individuality
marketable commodity
marshaled hosts
martial footsteps
martyrdom of ambition
marvel of competency
marvelous lucidity
marvels and mysteries
masculine power
mask of flippancy
masked expression
mass of mediocrity
massive and compact
massive strength
master achievement
master of phrasing
masterly and convincing
matchless charm
material misconception
materialistic and sordid
maternal and filial
maternal solicitude
mathematical precision
matrimonial alliance
matured reflection
maudlin and grotesque        
maudlin sentimentalism     
mawkish insipidity
maxims and morals
maximum intensity
maze of words
meager and bare
meager evidence
mean and debasing
mean trickeries
meaning and significance
meaningless confusion
means and materials
measure of absurdity
measured by years
measured cadence
mechanical and monotonous
mechanical handicraft
meddling and muddling
meditative and sympathetic
meditatively silent
meek ambition
meek and manageable
meet with rebuke
melancholy musing
mellifluous eloquence   
mellow refinement
melodious platitudes
melodramatic resource
melody and softness
melt into space
melting mood
memorable and glorious
memorable experience
menace and superciliousness   
menacing attitude
mendacious tongue       
mendicant pilgrim       
mental metamorphosis
mercenary view
merchantable literature
merciful and chivalrous
merciful insensibility
merciless and unpitying
merciless censor
mercurial temperament
mere generalization
meretricious allurements   
merge into character
meridian splendor
merit and virtue
merited ridicule
merry jest
metallic immobility
metaphysical obscurity
meteoric splendors
methodical regularity
metrical exactness
microscopic minuteness
mighty and majestic
mighty animosity
mild and virtuous
mild rejoinder
militant struggles
military autocracy
millennial reign
mimic gestures
minatory shadow            
mince and temporize
mincing precision
minds and memories
mingled decorousness
mingled with curiosity
miniature imitations
minister of vengeance
minor impulses
minute consideration
minuteness and fidelity
minuteness of description
miracle of miracles
miraculous profusion
mirroring lake
mirth and joviality
mirthful glance
mischievous effusion
misdemeanors and improprieties
miserable musings
misery and degradation
misleading notion
misrepresented and reviled
misshapen oddities
misspent strength
mistaken assumption
mistrustful superiority
mists of criticism
misty and indefinite
misty depression
mitigating circumstances
mobile and expressive
mobile countenance
mock seriousness
mockery and imposture
moderate and cautious
modes and methods
modest and retiring
modest cheerfulness
modesty of reserve
modified sentiment
molding and upbuilding
moldy doctrines
mollifying conditions      
moment of lassitude
momentary and languid       
momentary discomfiture
momentous and appalling
momentous pause
monarchial institutions
monastic austerity
monopoly and injustice
monotonous sameness
monotony and indecorum
monster of ingratitude
monstrosities of character
monstrous absurdity
monstrous and insupportable
monstrous in dulness
monumental structure
mood of tranquillity
moody and brooding
moody silence
moonlight witchery
moral and religious
moral obliquity             
morbid and irritable
morbid imagination
mordant wit
moribund mediocrities
mortal affront
mortified coldness
motionless and commanding
motives and aims
motley appearance
mountainous inequalities
mournful magnificence
mouthing amplitude
move with alacrity
mud and mire
muddle of motives
muddled and incoherent
muddled opinion
muddy inefficiency
muffled detonations
mullioned windows        
multifarious activity
multiform truth
multiple needs
multitude of details
multitudinous details
mummery of words         
mundane importance
mural decorations
murderous parody
murky recesses
murmur of satisfaction
murmurs and reproaches
muscularity and morality
musical diapason   
mutable and fleeting
mutations of time
mute and insensate
mute insensibility
mutilated and disfigured
mutinous thoughts
muttered warning
muttering and murmuring
mutual and friendly
mutual animosity
myriad lights
myriads of stars
mysteries of taste
mysterious and incomprehensible
mysterious in origin
mysterious potency
mystic and wonderful
mystic meaning
mythical kingdom
nagging and squabbling
naive manner
naked eye
nameless and obscure
nameless fear
narcotic effect
narrow and timorous
narrowed by custom
narrowing axioms
narrowness of range
nasal drone
nascent intercourse
national shortcomings
native incompetence
natural and spontaneous
natural sluggishness
nauseous and disgusting
nauseous dose
nautical venture
neat refutation
neatness and propriety
nebulae of romance
nebulous uncertainty
necessarily and essentially
necessary adjuncts
necromantic power       
nectar of enjoyment
needless depression
needs and demands
nefarious and malevolent
nefarious scheme
negations and contradictions
negative approbation    
neglect and evade
neglect of duty
negligible quantity
negotiate and bargain
neighboring mists
nerve and fiber
nerveless hand
nervous solicitude
nettled opponent
neutral and colorless
neutral eye
new perplexities
nice discrimination
niceties of difference
nicety and precision
niggardly allowance
nightingale of affection
nightmare fantasy
nimble and airy
nimble faculty
nobility of purpose
noble and powerful
noble condescension
noble in amplitude
nocturnal scene
nodding and blinking
nodding approval
noiseless reverie
noisy and scurrilous     
noisy platitudes
nomadic life
nominal allegiance
non-committal way
nonchalant manner
nondescript garb
nonsense and absurdity
nonsense rhymes
nooks and corners
noonday splendor
normal characteristics
notable and conspicuous
notable circumstance
note of triumph
noted and distinguished
noteworthy and intelligible
noteworthy friendship
noticeably begrimed
notoriety and prominence
notoriously profligate
nourish and foster
novel signification
novelty and freshness
novice and ignoramus
nucleus and beginning
nugatory and ineffectual   
nugatory cause          
nullify and destroy
numbed stillness
number and variety
numberless defeats
numerical majority
numerous and important
nursed in luxury
oaths and revilings
obduracy of mind         
obdurate and impenitent    
obdurate courage        
obedience to conscience
obedient and dutious
obedient compliance
obeisance and submission
object of contempt
objectionable and inexpedient
objectionably apologetic
obligation and dependence
obligation of loyalty
obligatory force
obligingly expressed
oblique tribute
obliquity and hypocrisy
obliquity of vision      
oblivious and insensible
oblivious to criticism
obloquy and detraction        
obnoxious and odious
obscure and enigmatical
obscure intimation
obscurity of twilight
obsequies and panegyrics      
obsequious and conciliating   
obsequious homage      
observant eye
observations and reflections
obsolete phraseology
obstacles and disasters
obstinate and stupid
obstinate defiance
obstreperous and noisy        
obstreperous summons   
obtrusive and vulgar
obtrusive neatness
obtuse and imbecile
obvious and palpable
obvious boredom
occasional and contingent
occasional flights
occasioned by irritation
occult and hidden
occult sympathy
occupations and habits
ocean depth
ocean of eloquence
odd and dismal
odd makeshifts
odious and oppressive
odious tyranny
odorous spring
offensive and aggressive
offensive hostility
offensive to modesty
official and authoritative
official asperity      
oily and servile
old and decrepit
olfactory sense
olive grayness
ominous and untrustworthy
ominous rumors
omission of fact
omnipotent decree
omniscient affirmation
omnivorous and sordid
oncoming horde
oneness and unity
onerous and perplexing
onerous cares
onflaming volume
onrush of life
onsets of temptation
opalescent sea
opaque mass
open and inviting
open to reason
openly disseminated
openness of mind
opinionated truculence   
opinions and hypotheses
opportunely contrived
opportunism and inconsistency
opposed to innovation
opposite and discordant
oppressed and sullen
oppressed by destiny
oppressed with hardship
oppressive emptiness
opprobrious epithet    
optimistic and reassuring
opulence and magnitude
opulence of detail
oracular and occult            
oracular utterance     
oratorical display
order and uniformity
ordinary delinquencies
organic and rational
organic assimilation
organization and system
organized in thought
orgy of lying
oriental spicery
origin and discovery
original and attractive
originally promulgated
ornaments of eloquence
ornate and variegated
oscillatory movement
ostensible and explicit
ostensible occupation
ostentatious display
ostentatiousness and gaiety
outbreak of hostilities
outburst of tears
outflow of sympathy
outlandish fashion
outlines and appearances
outposts of morality
outrageous and scandalous
outrageously vehement
outspoken encouragement
outstanding feature
outstretching sympathies
outward pomp
outworn creed
overbearing style
overburdened and confused
overcome and vanquish
overcome with shyness
overestimated importance
overflow of vitality
overflowing sympathy
overflowing with love
overhanging darkness
overhung with gloom
overmastering potency
overpowering argument
overshadowing dread
overstep and contravene
overstrained enthusiasm
overt act
overt and unmistakable
overvaulting clouds
overwearied and outworn
overweening sense     
overwhelming solicitude
overworked and fagged          
overworked drudge
pacific disposition
page of desolation
pageant of life
painful obstinacy
pains and penalties
painstaking and cumbersome
painstaking reticence
palatable advice
pale and anxious
pallidly illumined
palpable and plain
palpable originality
palpitating emotion
paltry and inglorious
paltry hypocrisies
pampered and petted
pampered darling
pander to prejudice
pang of regret
panic fear
panting eagerness
parabolic obscureness
parade and display
parade of erudition      
paradoxical talker
paralyzing sentimentalism
paramount authority
parasitical magnificence
parched and dry
parched by disuse
parental permission
paroxysmal outburst
partial and provisional
particularly and individually
particularly notable
parties and sects
partizan prejudice
pass into oblivion
passing panorama
passion and prejudice
passion of patriotism
passionate insistence
passive and indifferent
passive obedience
passivity of mind
pastimes and diversions
patchwork manner
patent and pertinent
patent example
paternal tenderness
pathetic helplessness
pathos and terror
patience and perseverance
patient endurance
patriarchal visage
patriotic enthusiasm
patriotism and reverence
pattern and exemplar         
pattern of virtue
peacefully propagated
peaks and pinnacles
peals of laughter
peculiar piquancy      
pecuniary privation
pedagogue and pedant
pedantic ineptitude    
pedantries and affectations
pedestrian vigor
pedigree and genealogy
peerless raconteur     
peevish ingratitude
peevishness and spleen
pellucid and crystal         
pending determination
pendulum of opinion
penetrating and insidious
penetrating warmth
penitential cries
penned and planned
penniless wanderer
pensive reflections
pensiveness of feeling
peppery and impetuous
perceptible difference
perception and recognition
peremptorily and irrevocably   
peremptory punishment   
perennial charm
perfect embodiment
performed with regularity
perfunctory inquiries
perilous and shifting
perilous expedient
perils of fortune
period of lassitude
permanent and unchangeable
permanent significance
permeate and purify
pernicious and malign
pernicious doctrine
perpetual oscillation
perplexing problem
perplexity and confusion
persecuting zeal
persistent adherence
persistent and reiterated
personal and specific
personal predilection   
perspicuous and flowing        
persuaded by appeal
persuasive eloquence
pert prig
pertaining to fashion
pertinacious solemnity   
pertinent question
perturbation of mind
perturbed and restless
perusing earnestness
pervaded with grandeur
pervading tendencies
perverse quaintness
perversity of chance
perverted and prejudicial
pessimistic and disenchanted
pessimistic skepticism
pestiferous career       
pestilence and famine
pests of society
pet aversion
petrifaction of egoism
petrified smile
petted and indulged
petticoat diplomacy
pettifogging business
pettiness and prudence
petty pedantries         
petulance and acrimony
petulant in expression
phantom of delight
phantom show
pharisaical and bitter
phase of belief
philanthropic zeal
philosophical acuteness
phlegmatic temperament   
phosphorescent shimmer
photographic exactitude
physical convulsion
physiognomy of nature
pictorial and dramatic
pictorial embellishments
picturesque and illustrative
picturesque details
piece of pedantry       
piercing clearness
pilgrim and crusader
pillage and demolish
pinchbeck dignity        
pining melancholy
pinions of eloquence    
pinnacle of favor
pioneering spirit
pious platitudes
piquant allusions        
piquant and palatable          
pit of oblivion
pith and brevity
pitiable frenzy
pitiful and destitute
pitiless precision
pivotal point
place and power
placid stupidity
plagued and persecuted
plainly expedient
plainness and severity
plainness of speech
plainspoken rebuke
plaintive and mournful
plaintive cadence
plans and projects
plastic and ductile
plastic mind
plausibility and humbug
plausible commonplaces
play of fancy
playful wit
plea of urgency
plead in vain
pleasant and pungent
pleasing in outline
pleasing reveries
pleasurable and wholesome
pleasurable excitement
plenary argument
plenitude of power
plentiful harvest
pliant and submissive
plighted word             
plot and verisimilitude
plunder and sacrilege
plunge into despair
plunged in darkness
poetical and pastoral
poignant clearness
point of view
pointless and ineffective
pointless tale
poise of mind
poisonous counsels
policy of severity
polished ease
polite and elegant
polite indifference
political and sociological
political malcontent
polluting taints
pomp and pageantry
pompous platitudes
ponderous and unwieldy
ponderous research
pontifical manner
poor and barren
popular resentment
populous fertility
portent of danger
portentous gulf
portray by words
positive in judgment
positively deteriorating
possession and dominion
posthumous glory
potent and prevailing
potential energy
pour into print
power and luxury
power of imagination
powerful stimulant
practical helpfulness
practical in application
praise and commend
precarious path
precautionary measure
precedence and usage
precipice of stupefaction
precipitous flight
precise purpose
precision and efficiency
precision of phrase
precocious wisdom
preconceived view
predatory writers
predestined spinster
predominant habit
preference and prejudice
pregnant and suggestive
pregnant hint
prejudice and predilection      
preliminary assumption
premature ripening
premonitory symptoms
preoccupied attention
Preposition "with"
prepossessing appearance
preposterous assertion
prerogative of age
prescient reflection
prescribed by custom
prescribed conditions
presence and address
presence of mind
present and tangible
presiding genius
pressing necessity
pressure of expediency
prestige and authority
presumption of doubt
presumptuous and futile
pretended surprise
pretentious and inept
pretentious dignity
preternatural sagacity      
pretty and enchanting
pretty plaintiveness
prevailing misconception
prevented by chance
prey of fancy
pride and indignation
pride in success
pride of life
priestly austerity
primal energy
primary and essential
prime factor           
primeval silence
primordial conditions
princely courtesy
priority and predominance
prismatic blush
pristine dignity
private contempt
privileged caste
prized possession
probity and candor              
problematic age
proceed with alertness
process of effacement
prodigal and careless
prodigally lavished
prodigious variety
productive discipline
profane denunciation
professedly imitated
professional garrulity     
proffered service
profile and outline
profitable adventure
profligate expenditure
profound and philosophical
profound conviction
profundity of thought
profuse and tearful
profuse generosity
profusion of argument
progress of events
projected visit
prolegomenous babbler      
prolific outpouring
prolix and tedious              
prolix narrative           
prolonged happiness
prominence and importance
promiscuous multitude
promise and performance
promising scions           
prompt courage
prompted by coquetry
promptings of reason
promptitude and dispatch
prone to melancholy
proneness and readiness
pronounced and diversified
proof and illustration
propagandist literature
propelling impulse
propensity and desire
proper punctilio           
prophetic vision
propitious moment          
proportion and consistency
proportionately vigilant
propose to undertake
proprietary sense
propriety and delicacy
propriety of action
prosaic excellence         
prospective success
prosperity revival
prostrate servility
prostration and loss
protection and safety
protest in vain
protesting and repelling
protoplasmic ancestors
protracted agony
protracted and fruitless
proud destiny
proverbial situation
provincial prejudice
provincialism and vulgarity
provocative of scorn
provoke to laughter
provoked hostility
prudent and sagacious          
prudential wisdom
prurient desire
prying criticism
psychic processes
public derision
puerile and sickly             
puerile fickleness       
puff of applause
puffy and dissipated
pugnacious defiance
puissant and vigorous          
pulsating life
pulse of life
punctilious and severe         
punctilious care         
pungent epigram
punish with severity
puny dimensions
purblind brutality       
pure coincidence
purgatorial fires
purged by sorrow
puritanical primness
purity and simplicity
purity of diction
purplish shadows
purpose and intention
purposed attempt
purposeful drama
pursued in leisure
pursuing fancies
pursuit of knowledge
pusillanimous and petty        
pusillanimous desertion   
put to confusion
puzzled and affected
puzzledom of life
pyrotechnic outburst
quackery and incompetence
quagmire of distrust
quailing culprit
quaint peculiarities
quaintness and oddity
qualifying service
qualities and gifts
qualities of leadership
qualm of conscience
quarrel and wrangle
quavering voice
queer and affected
queer tolerance
quenchless despair
querulous and plaintive        
querulous disposition     
question of honor
questionable data
questioning gaze
quibble and fabricate
quibbling speech
quick in suggestion
quick sensibility
quicken into life
quicken with pride
quickness and agility
quickness of apprehension
quiescent melancholy
quiet and unobtrusive
quiet cynicism
quintessential and nuclear     
quips and cranks
quirks and graces
quiver with anxiety
quivering and fearful
quivering excitement
quivering of pain
quixotic impulse
quizzical and whimsical
quizzical expression
quondam foe               
racial prejudice
racked and oppressed
racked by suffering
racy and incisive
racy humor
radiance of morning
radiant happiness
radiant with victory
radical distinction
rage and apprehension
raging billows
rambling looseness
rampant wickedness
rancorous animosities
random preconceptions
range of experience
rank and learning
rank luxuriance
rant and gush
ranting optimism
rapacious speculation     
rapacity and villainy          
rapid transitions
rapidity and precision
rapt and silent
rapture and enthusiasm
rapturous adoration
rare and exquisite
rare endowment
rarefied humor
rashly overrated
rashness and heedlessness
rashness of intention
rational discourse
ravages of time
ravenous eagerness
ravishing spectacle
raw composition
ray of hope
reaches of achievement
reactionary movement
ready and spontaneous
ready in resource
ready sympathy
real and positive
realistic and effective
realistic portrayal
realities of life
realm of peace
reanimating ideas
reasonable and practical
reasonably probable
rebellion and disloyalty
rebellious thought
rebound of fascination
rebuffs and anxieties
receptive and responsive
reciprocal influence
reckless lavishness
recognized and honored
recognized authority
recoil and reaction
recoiling in terror
reconciliation and peace
recondite and abstruse       
recondite description   
reconnoiter and explore
reconstructive era
recourse to falsehood
recovered composure
recreation and amusement
rectitude and delicacy
rectitude of soul
recumbent figure
recurring doubt
reddening dawn
redeeming and transforming
redoubled activity
redress of grievances
reduced to impotence
redundance of words
refined and dignified
refinement of style
refining influence
reflective habits
refractory temper
refreshing and invigorating
refreshing novelty
refuted by reason
regal countenance
regard and esteem
regard with loathing
regret and remorse
regretful melancholy
regular and symmetrical
regular recurrence
reins of life
rejection and scorn
relapse into savagery
relate with zest
related to eternity
relatively mild
relaxed discipline
relentless justice
reliable and trustworthy
relief and redress           
religious scruples
relish of beauty
reluctant tolerance
remarkable and interesting
remarkable sagacity     
remedial measure
remorse of guilt
remorseful and sullen
remorseless logic
remote and distant
remote epoch
remote in character
rend and devastate
rendered into music
renowned achievement
repeat to satiety
repeated falsification
repel with indignation
repelled by censure
repellent and ungracious
repelling vices
repentant sense
repetition and reiteration
reprehensible action
repress and silence
repressed ardor
reproachful misgiving
repugnance and aversion
repugnant to justice
repulsive and loathsome
repulsive spectacle
reputed disposition
requisite expertness
requisite to success
resentful flame
resentment and indignation
reserve and coyness
residue of truth
resilient spirit
resistless and implacable
resistless might
resolute daring
resoluteness of conviction
resolution and effort
resolve into nothingness
resonant and tuneful
resonant gaiety
resort to violence
resounding blare
resource of expression
resourceful and unscrupulous
resourceful wickedness
respected and obeyed
respectful condescension
resplendent brightness
responsibilities and burdens
responsive throb
restive and bored
restless and impatient
restless inquisitiveness
restorative influence
restrained by violence
restraint of speech
restricted meaning
resultant limitation
retaliating blows
retaliation and revenge
retarding influence
reticence and repose
retreat into silence
retreating footsteps
revel in danger
revel of imagination
revengeful scowl
revered and cherished
reverent enthusiasm
reverses and disasters
revised and corrected
revolting cynicism
revolution and sedition       
revolutionary tradition
revulsion of feeling
rhapsodical eulogy
rhapsodies and panegyrics     
rhetorical amplification
rhythmical movements
rich in variety
richly emblazoned
richness and fertility
richness of outline
riddle of existence
ridicule and censure
ridicule of ignorance
right and praiseworthy
righteous indignation
rightful distinction
rigid and inexpressive
rigid propriety
rigorous reservation
riot of words
riotous clamor
ripe reflection
ripened into love
ripeness and plenitude
ripeness of wisdom
rising by industry
rising misgivings
rivals and antagonists
riveted attention
roar and ring
roars of exultation
robe of humility
robust and rugged
robust sense
robustness of mind
rococo and affected           
rollicking mirth
romantic and pathetic
romantic solitudes
root of individuality
rooted habits
rooted in prejudice
roseate tints
rough and barren
rough brutality
round of platitudes
roundabout and complicated
roundabout approach
roused and stimulated
rousing chorus
royal exultations
rubicund tinge          
rude and fiery
rude awakening
rudimentary effort
rueful conclusion
ruffled feelings
rugged and inaccessible
rugged austerity
ruling motive
rumbling hoarseness
ruminating mood
rumors and impressions
run to seed
rural imagery
rush into print
rush of agony
rushing and gurgling
rust and disuse
rust of neglect
rustic simplicity
rustling forest
ruthless commercialism
ruts of conventionality
sacerdotal preeminence     
sacred tenderness
sacrilegious violence
sacrosanct fetish
sad and melancholy
saddle with responsibility
sadly disconcerted
sadness of soul
sagacious mind            
sagacity and virtue           
sage reflections
saintly serenity
salient feature
salutary amusement
sanctimonious hypocrite   
sanctioned by experience
sane and simple
sane observer
sanguinary measures       
sanguine expectations     
sanguine of success     
sanity of judgment
sarcastic and cruel
sarcastic incredulity
sardonic taciturnity      
satirical critic
satisfying equipoise      
savage satirist
savoring of quackery
sayings and quibbles
scalding jests
scandalous falsehood
scant and incidental
scant recognition
scantiness of resources
scarves of smoke
scathing satire
scattered and desultory       
scattered distractions
scenes and associations
scholarly attainments
scholastic and erudite        
school of adversity
schooled in self-restraint
scientific and exact
scientific curiosity
scintillating and brilliant
scintillating wit
scoffing and unbelief
scoffing defiance
scope and significance
scorched and shriveled
scorching criticism
scorn and loathing
scornful negligence
scrap of knowledge
scream with terror
scriptural exegesis       
scrubby foreland
scruple of conscience
scrupulous and anxious
scrupulous fidelity
scrupulous in conduct
scrutinize with care
scrutiny and investigation
sculptured sphinx
scurrilous blustering     
searching and irresistible
searching eye
searchlight of truth
seared and scorched
secluded byways
secondary and subsidiary
secret dismay
secretive and furtive
sectarian sternness
secure anchorage
sedate and serious
sedentary occupation
seditious speaking        
seductive whisperings
sedulously fostered       
seek to overawe
seeming artlessness
seething hate
seething with sedition
selective instinct
self-conscious activity
self-deprecating irony
selfish and overbearing
selfish vindictiveness
selfsame strain
semblance of composure
senile sensualist
sensation of pity
sensational and trivial
sense of urgency
senseless and unreasoning
senseless gibberish
sensibilities and emotions
sensibly abated
sensitive and capricious
sensitively courteous
sensuous music
sententious and tiresome
sententious wisdom        
sentiment and passion
sentiment of disapprobation     
sentimental twaddle
sepulchral quiet
sequence of events
sequestered nook
seraphic promiscuousness
serene and quiet
serene triumph
serenity of mind
serious and studious
serious resentment
serpentine curves
serve to embitter
servile obedience
sesquipedalian words      
set in motion
settled dislike
severe and saturnine       
severe censure
severity of style
shabbiness and vulgarity
shabby imitation
shackles of civilization
shade of doubt
shadow of truth
shadowy abstraction
shadowy and confused
shady retirements
shallow sophistry
shallowness of thought
sham enthusiasm
shambling gait
shame and mortification
shamed demeanor
shameless injustice
shams and hypocrisies
shaped and sculptured
shaped by tradition
shapeless conformations
shaping impulses
sharp and vigorous
sharp rebuke
shattered reason
sheepish look
sheer boredom
shelter and safeguard
sheltering hypocrisy
shifting panorama
shifts and compromises
shimmering gaiety
shining virtues
shivering and chattering
shivering soul
shock of apprehension
shocked and astonished
shocked into attention
shocking rudeness
shoreless sea
short and precarious
shortening days
shouts of approval
shower of abuse
shreds and tatters
shrewd and diligent
shrewd suspicion
shrewish look
shriek of wrath
shrill and piercing
shrill dissonance
shrinking and nervous
shrunken wisp
shuddering reluctance
shuffling preliminaries
shuttle of life
shy and subdued
shy obeisance
sibilant oath             
sick with dread
sickening jealousy
sidelong glance
sigh of wind
significant and sinister
significant symbol
signs and tokens
silence and obscurity
silent agony
silken filaments
silly escapades
silvery sea
similar amplitude
similarities and resemblances
simple and straightforward
simple rectitude
simpletons and nincompoops
simulated rapture
simultaneous acclamation
sincere hospitality
sincerity and frankness
sinewy and active
singleness of purpose
singular sensitiveness
sinister forebodings
sink into insignificance
sinuous movements
skeptical contempt
skill and coolness
skilled in controversy
skillfully maintained
skulk and shirk
skulking look
slackened tension
slave of malice
slavish imitation
sledge-hammer blows
sleek and languid          
sleepless soul
sleepy enchantment
slender resource
slight acceleration
slight and precarious
slipshod and untidy
slothfulness and perversity
slough of ignorance
slovenly deportment
slow and sluggish
slow stupefaction
sluggish resolution
slumber of death
slumbering and unsuspected
slumbering stream
smacking breeze
small and hampered
small aptitude
smile of raillery          
smiling repose
smirched and tarnished
smirking commonplace
smitten into ice
smoldering resentment
smoothness and artifice
smothered sob
smug hypocrisy
snappish impertinence
sneering and sentimental
sneering jibes
snowy whiteness
snubbed into quiescence
snug retreat
soaring ambition
sob with anguish
sobbing wail
sober melancholy
soberly and truthfully
social banalities
sociological bearing
soft allurement
softness and effeminacy
solace of adversity
solemn and dramatic
solemn emptiness
solid knowledge
solidifying substance
solitary and idle
solitary grandeur
solitude and depression
somber relations
somewhat scandalized
somnolent state
sonorous and musical
sonorous simplicity
sons and scions            
sophistical argument
soporific and sodden       
soporific emanations    
sordid and stupid
sordid selfishness
sorely beset
sorrow and lamentation
sorrowful resignation
soul of generosity
soulless and mindless
soulless mechanism
sound in theory
sounding verbiage
source of renown
soured by misfortune
sourly ascetic
sovereign and independent
sovereign panacea
spacious and lofty
spacious tracklessness
spark of perception
sparkling and spontaneous
sparkling splendor
spasmodic and hysterical
specialized skill
species of despotism
specific characteristics
specious artifice
spectral fears
speculative rubbish
speechless surprise
speedy and inevitable
speedy extinction
spell of emotion
spendthrift prodigality
sphere of influence
spice of caricature
spicy and pungent
spirited vindication
spiritual and invisible
spiritual dazzlement
spiteful and sordid
splash and dash
splendid irony
splendor and glory
splendor of imagination
splenetic imagination    
spontaneity and intensity
spontaneous challenge
sporadic exception
sportive and playful
sportive gaiety
spotless honor
sprightly and vigorous
sprightly talk
spur and impulse
spur of necessity
spur to action
spurious and misleading
spurious enthusiasm
squalid and dismal         
squalid distress
squandered talent
squeamish taste
squirm with delight
staggering surprise
stainless womanhood
stale sciolism           
stalwart defiance
stammer in confusion
stammered apology
starched sterility
stare and gasp
starlit eminence
start of uneasiness
startling eccentricity
starving proletariat
stateliness of movement
stately and ponderous
stately stride
statesmanlike person
statesmanship and character
statistical knowledge
statuesque immobility
staunch and influential
staunch manhood
stay and solace
steadfast and resolute
steadfast obedience
steadily and patiently
stealthy and hostile
stentorian voice          
stereotyped commonness
sterile hatred
sterling sense
stern and unbending
stern defiance
stiff and cumbersome
stiff conceit
stifled convulsions
stifling and venomous
still and translucent
still solitudes
stilted bombast
stimulating and wholesome
stimulating impression
stimulus to ambition
sting of satire
stinging reproach
stings and stimulants
stinted endowment
stipulated reward
stir and tumult
stirred to remonstrance
stock pleasantries
stoic callousness
stolid and soulless
stolid obstinacy
stolidity of sensation
stony stare
storehouse of facts
storied traditions
storm of criticism
stormy passion
stout assertion
straggling association
straightforward logic
straightway vanished
strain and struggle
strained interpretation
straitened circumstance
strange and incomprehensible
strange wistfulness
stratagems and plots
stream of humanity
strenuous and energetic
strenuous insistence
stress of life
stricken in years
stricken into silence
strictly and absolutely
strides in civilization
strife and contention
striking and picturesque
striking diversity
striking in character
string of episodes
stringent statement
stroke of fate
strong and youthful
strong aversion
structure and organization
struggles and misgivings
stubborn reality
studied and artificial
studious reserve
stultified mind
stung by derision
stunned and insensible
stunning crash
stunted in growth
stupendous magnitude
stupid bewilderment
stupor and despair
sturdy and manly
sturdy genuineness
style and temperament
suave and winning
subaltern attitude        
subconscious conviction
subduing influence
subject to scrutiny
sublime and aspiring
sublime anticipations
submission and patience
submissive behavior
subordinate and dependent
subordinate pursuit
subsidiary advantage
substance and basis
substantial agreement
substratum of belief
subterranean sunlessness
subtle and elusive
subtle sophistry
subtlety of intellect
subversive accident
successfully dispelled
succession of events
successive undulations
succinct phrase
succumb to fascination
sudden perturbation
suddenness and vehemence
suffering and desperation
suffuse with spirituality
suffused and transfigured
suggestion of fancy
suggestions and stimulations
sullen and fierce
sullen submission
sum of happiness
summarize and epitomize
summary vengeance
summit of misery
summoned into being
sumptuous and aromatic
sumptuously decorated
sunshine and smiles
sunshine of life
superabundant energy
superannuated coquette    
superb and showy
superb command
supercilious and obstinate     
supercilious discontent   
superficial and obvious
superficial surliness
superfluous and impertinent
superfluous precaution
superhuman vigor
superior skill
superior to circumstances
superlative cleverness
supernatural incident
supine resignation
supplanted by others
suppliant posture
supported by evidence
suppressed and restrained
suppressed excitement
supremacy of good
supreme exaltation
surface of events
surfeit of verbiage        
surge of pathos
surging multitude
surly tone
surmises and suggestions
surpassing loveliness
surprise and wonder
surprising intimacy
surreptitious means       
susceptibility and vulnerability
susceptible to argument
suspense and excitement
suspense of judgment
suspicion and innuendo       
suspicion of flattery
sustained and measured
sustained vigor
swaggering bully
swampy flatness
swarming population
sweep of landscape
sweeping assertion
sweet and wholesome
sweet peaceableness
swelled and bloated
swelling magnitude
swift and stealthy
swift transition
swinging cadence
swollen into torrents
swoop and range
symbol of admiration
symbolism and imagery
symmetrical brow
sympathetic and consoling
sympathetic insight
syncopated tune
synthetic judgment
system of aspersion
systematic interaction
tacit assumption
taciturn and laconic         
taciturn magnanimity     
tactful and conciliatory
tactical niceties
taint of megalomania
tainted with fraud
take into account
talkative and effusive
tame and insipid
tameless energy
tangible and sufficient
tangible realities
tangled and shapeless
tangled network
tardiness of speech
tardy and belated
tardy recognition
tarnished reputation
tart temper
tartness and contradiction
task of conciliation
taste and elegance
tasteful gratification
tasteless insipidity
tattered mendicant        
tattle and babble
taunt and reproach
taunting accusation
tawdry and penurious        
tawdry pretentiousness
tearful sensibilities
tearing gallop
tears and lamentations
teasing persistency
technical precision
tedious and trivial
tedious formality
teeming population
teeming with life
temerarious assertion       
temperament and taste
temperamental complacency
temperately and judiciously
tempered by charity
tempered pathos
tempest and violence
tempest of passion
tempestuous breeze
temporal and evanescent     
temporary expedient
temptation to doubt
tenacious memory
tenacity and coherence
tenacity of execution
tend to frustrate
tender and emotional
tender in sentiment
tender solicitude
tenderness of sentiment
tense and straining
tense attention
tense with expectancy
tentative and experimental
tentative moment
tepid conviction
term of reproach
termagant wife              
terrible and satanical
terrible sublimity
terrifying imprecations     
terse realism
testamentary document
testiness and crabbedness
thankfulness and acknowledgment
thankless task
thawing laughter
theological complexities
theories and speculations
thirsting ear
thorny pathway
thorough and effective
thorough uprightness
thoughtful silence
thoughtless whim
threadbare sentiment
threatened wrath
threatening and formidable
threshold of consciousness
thrift of time
thriftless and unenterprising
thrill of delight
thrill with excitement
thrilling and vitalizing
thrilling eloquence
throb of compunction
throb with vitality
throbbing pride
throneless monarch
throng of sensations
thronging images
thrown into disorder
thundering rage
thwarted by fortune
thwarted impulse
tide of humanitarianism
tideless depth
ties and associations
tigerish stealth
tightened ominously
time and opportunity
timid acquiescence
timid and vacillating
timid of innovation
tincture of depreciation
tinge of mockery
tinged with romance
tingling expectation
tinkling cymbal
tip-toe curiosity
tipsy jocularity         
tireless egotism
tiresome and laborious
tiresome braggadocio     
tissue of misrepresentations
titanic force
toilsome pleasure
tolerably comprehensive
tolerant and kindly
tolerant indifference
tolerant of folly
tone and treatment
tone of severity
top of ambition
topics and instances
tormented and tantalized
tormented by jealousy
tormenting thought
torn asunder
torpid faculties
torrent of fervor
tortuous and twisted
tortuous labyrinth
tortured by doubt
tortured innocence
totality of effect
totally engrossed
tottering and hopeless
touch of severity
touched and thrilled
touched with feeling
touching pathos
touchstone of genius
tousled head
towering pride
trace of bitterness
traceable consanguinity
trackless forest
tractable and gracious
tradition of mankind
traditional type
traditions and practises
tragic intensity
trailing sweetness
train of disasters
training and temperament
trait of cynicism
trance of delight
tranquil grandeur
tranquillity and benevolence
transcendent power
transfiguring tints
transform into beauty
transfuse and irradiate
transient emotion
transitory and temporary
translated into fact
translucent cup
transmuting touch
transparent and comprehensible
transparent complement
transport of enthusiasm
trappings of wisdom
treacherous and cowardly
treacherous intelligence
treasured possessions
treat with contempt
tremble and oscillate
tremble with fear
trembling anxiety
tremendous domination
tremulous sense           
trenchant and straightforward   
trenchant phrase          
trend of consciousness
trials and tribulations
tribute of admiration
trick of fancy
tricks and stratagems
trifling and doubtful
trifling superfluity
trite and commonplace
trite remark
triumphant boldness
trivial and ridiculous
trivial conventionality
tropical luxuriance
troubled inertness
troublous and menacing
trudging wayfarer
truisms and trivialities
trust and confidence
trust to chance
trustworthy source
truth and righteousness
tumult of applause
tumultuous rapture
tuneful expression
turbid and noise some
turbulent times
turgid and bombastic            
turgid appeal             
turmoil and shouting
turmoil of controversy
turn of events
twilight of elderliness
twilight shadow
twinge of envy
twisted and perverted
twittered sleepily
twofold bearing
type and forerunner
typical excellence
tyrannical disposition
tyrant and oppressor
ubiquitous activity
ugly revelation
ulterior purpose
ultimate sanction
ultrafashionable world
unabashed insolence
unabated pleasure
unaccountable and grotesque
unaccountable protervity   
unaccustomed toil
unadorned by artifice
unadorned style
unaffected and undaunted
unaffected pathos
unaffrighted innocence
unagitated abstraction
unalloyed satisfaction
unalterable determination
unanimous acclamation
unanswerable argument
unapologetic air
unappeasable resentment
unapproached and unapproachable
unapproached supremacy
unassailable position
unassuming and unpretending
unassuming dignity
unattainable perfection
unavailing consolation
unavoidable propensities
unballasted eloquence      
unbeaten track
unbecoming behavior
unbending reserve
unbiased judgment
unblemished character
unblinking observation
unblushing iteration
unbounded hospitality
unbridgeable chasm
unbridled fancy
unbroken continuity
uncanny fears
unceasing variation
unceremonious talk
uncertain tenure
unchallenged supremacy
unchangeable and enduring
unchanging affection
uncharitable ambition
uncharted depths
unchastised offense
unclouded splendor
uncomfortable doubt
uncommonly attractive
uncommunicable quality
uncomplaining endurance
uncomprehending smile
uncompromising dogmatism
unconcealed aversion
unconditioned freedom
uncongenial task
unconquerable patience
unconscious serenity
unconsciously and innocently
uncontrollable delight
unconventional demeanor
uncounted generations
uncouth and barbarous
uncouth gambols
uncritical position
unctuous and irresistible       
unctuously belaud           
undaunted by failure
undaunted defender
undazzled eyes
undefined anticipations
undeniable charm
underlying assumption
undetermined by sorrow
undeveloped and ignorant
undeviating consistency
undignified and futile
undignified peccadilloes    
undiluted skepticism
undiminished relish
undimmed luster
undisciplined genius
undisguised amusement
undismayed expression
undisputed ascendency
undistracted attention
undisturbed silence
undivided energies
undone by treachery
undoubted authenticity
undue predilection          
undulating hills
unduly troublesome
undying friendship
unearthly gladness
uneasiness and apprehension
uneasy craving
uneducated and inexperienced
unembarrassed scrutiny
unembittered sweetness
unending exactions
unenlightened zealot
unenvied insipidity
unequaled skill
unequivocally resented
unerring fidelity
unessential details
unexampled sweetness
unexhausted kindliness
unexpected confidence
unfailing courtesy
unfaltering glance
unfamiliar and distant
unfamiliar garb
unfathomable indifference
unfeigned assent
unfettered and vigorous
unfettered by fear
unfettered liberty
unflagging zest
unflattering truth
unflecked confidence
unfledged novice
unflinching zeal
unfolding consciousness
unforced acquiescence
unforced and unchecked
unforeseen vicissitudes   
unforgivable tragedy
unfortunate and unparalleled
unfounded and incredible
unfounded conjecture
unfulfilled longing
ungainly figure
ungarnished reality
ungenerously resolved
ungenial temperament
ungovernable vehemence
ungracious and reluctant
ungracious temper
ungrudging tribute
unguessed riches
unhallowed threshold
unhampered expression
unhappiness and discomfort
unhappy predecessor
unheeded beauties
unheroic measure
unhesitating faith
unhindered flight
unholy triumph
uniform blending
unimaginable bitterness
unimpassioned dignity
unimpeachable sentiment
unimpeded activity
uninstructed critic
uninterrupted process
unique and original
unique in literature
unique personality
unity and completeness
unity in diversity
unity of purpose
universal reprobation
universality of experience
unjust and ungrateful
unjust depreciation
unknown appellations    
unlettered laborer
unlikely contingency
unlimited and absolute
unlimited opulence
unlucky dissembler
unmanly timidity
unmastered possibility.
unmeaning farce
unmeasured hostility
unmellowed dawn
unmelodious echoes
unmerciful plundering
unmingled consent
unmistakably fabulous
unmitigated gloom
unmixed astonishment
unmixed with emotion
unmodified passion
unmurmuring sea
unnatural and harmful
unnecessary platitudes
unnumbered thousands
unobserved and unsuspected
unobtrusive and tactful
unobtrusive deference
unostentatious display
unpalatable truth
unparalleled and inexhaustible
unparalleled atrocities
unpardonable error
unphilosophical dreamer
unpleasant and bewildering
unpleasant excrescence      
unpopular and unimpressive
unprecedented advance
unprecedented and objectionable
unprecedented in kind
unprejudiced intelligence
unpremeditated and heartfelt
unpretentious character
unprincipled violence
unprofitable craft
unpromising and scanty
unprotected and friendless
unpurchasable luxury
unqualified submission
unquenchable tenderness
unquestionable genius
unquestioning fate
unreal and unsubstantial
unreasonable pretense
unreasoning and uncompromising
unreasoning distrust
unrecognized and unrewarded
unredeemable forfeit
unrefreshing sameness
unrelaxing emphasis
unrelenting spirit
unremembered winter
unremitting toil
unrepining sadness
unreproved admiration
unrequited love
unresentful disposition
unreserved assent
unresisted authority
unresolved exceptions
unresponsive gloom
unresting speed
unrestrained anger
unrestricted ease
unrivaled distinction
unruffled concord
unsatisfied yearning
unscrupulous adventurer
unseasonable apology
unseemly and insufferable
unseemly mirth
unseen and unsuspected
unselfish fidelity
unsettled trait
unshakable foundation
unshrinking determination
unslackened volubility      
unsmiling and critical
unsophisticated youth
unsparing abuse
unspeakable delight
unspiritual tone
unspoiled goodness
unstinted praise
unsullied virtue
unsurpassed purity
unswerving and unfaltering
unswerving integrity
untameable energy
unthinkable hypothesis
unthinking and careless
untiring energy
untold calamity
untoward circumstances      
untrammeled expression
untrodden woodland
untroubled repose
untuneful phrase
untutored and infantine
untutored mind
unusual and unexpected
unusual audacity
unutterable sadness
unuttered and unutterable
unvarnished feeling
unwarranted limitation
unwasting energies
unwavering allegiance
unwearied diligence
unwelcome alliance
unwholesome and vile
unwieldy bulk
unwilling homage
unwittingly mingled
unwonted kindness           
unworldly foolishness
unworthy alliance
unyielding nature
upright and credible
uproar and confusion
uproarious laughter
upstart and braggart
upstart pretensions
urbanity and unction         
urged by curiosity
useless fripperies          
usher into society
utilize to advantage
utmost scorn
utter and disastrous
utter with sarcasm
vacant stupidity
vacillating obedience
vacillation and uncertainty
vacuous ease
vagabondish spirit
vagrancy of thought
vagrant wandering
vague and indistinct
vaguely discursive
vain and profitless
vain contemplation
vainglorious show
valid objection
validity and value
valley of misfortune
valuable acquisition
valueless assertion
vampire tongue
vanguard of progress
vanish into mystery
vanished centuries
vanities and vices
vantage ground
vapid generalities         
vapory and chaotic
variable temperament
varied and animated
variegated career          
varnish and falsehood
vassals and inferiors
vast advantage
vast and superlative
veering purpose
vehemence of manner
vehement and clamorous
vehement panting
vehicle of intercourse
veil of futurity
veiled and unreadable
veiled insolence
vein of snobbishness
velocity of movement
velvety lawn
venality and corruption
venerable and interesting
venerable placidity
venomous passion
venture to say
veracious journals      
veracity and fidelity
verbal audacities
verbally and literally
verbose manner
verdant hope
verifiable facts
veritable triumph
vernacular expression
vernal charm             
versatile grace
versatility and sympathy
versed in knowledge
vestige of regard
vexation and anxiety
vexatious circumstances
vibrant with feeling
vibrating and sonorous
vicarious virtue
vicissitudes of life     
view with awe
views and experiences
vigilant and inflexible
vigilant sensibility
vigorous and graphic
vigorous invective       
vile desecrater
villainous inconsistency
vindictive sentiment
violent agitation
violent and ill-balanced
virgin grace
virile leadership
virtual surrender
virtuous and wise
virtuous disdain
virulence and invective      
virulent prejudice
visible and apparent
visible embarrassment
vision of splendor
visionary and obscure
visionary dreamer
vistas and backgrounds
vital and vigorous
vital interpretation
vital to success
vitalized by thought
vitiate and poison           
vitiated taste           
vitriolic sneer
vituperation and abuse       
vivacious and agreeable
vivacious excitement
vivid and varied
vivid portrayal
vividness of memory
vociferous appeal
voice of ambition
voiceless multitude
void and nothingness
void of authority
volatile and fiery
volatile fragrance
volcanic suddenness
voluble prose            
volubly and exuberantly      
volume and impetus
volume of trade
voluminous and varied
voluminous biography
voluntarily and habitually
voluntary relinquishment
voracious animosity
votive wreath
vow of allegiance
vulgar and artificial
vulgar prosperity
vulnerable foe
wabbling enterprise      
waggishly sapient        
wailing winds
wallow in idolatry
wander into digression
wandering and erratic
wandering fancy
waning popularity
wanting in dignity
wanton and unnecessary
wanton butchery
war and revelry
warbling lute
warlike trappings
warmth of temperament
warning prophecy
warp and woof               
warped purpose
warranted interference
waste of opportunity
wasteful and circuitous
wasteful prodigality
wave of depression
waver in purpose
wavering courage
waxing and waning
waxwork sex
wayward fancy
weak and perfidious
weak in conception
weakly imaginative
wealth and distinction
wealth of meaning
weariness of sorrow
wearisome and dull
wearisome wordiness
web of villainy
wedded incompatibility
wedded to antiquity
weighed and winnowed
weight of argument
weighty and dominant
weighty argument
weird and fantastic
weird fascination
welcoming host
well-turned period
weltering current
wheedled into acquiescence
wheezing and puffing
whiff of irritation
whims and inconsistencies
whimsical touch
whirl of delight
whirligig of life
whirling confusion
whirlwind of words
whirring loom
whispering breeze
whistling winds
whited sepulcher
wholesome and beautiful
wholesome aspirations
wholly and solely
wholly commendable
wicked and malicious
wicked ingratitude
wide signification
widened and amplified
widespread acclaim
wield with power
wild and irregular
wild extravagance
wilderness of perplexities
wiles of innocence
willful waywardness
willing allegiance
willowy nothingness
wily and observant
wily antagonist
winding pilgrimage
windowless soul
winged fancies
winking and blinking
winking stars
winning and unforced
winning plaintiveness
winsome girlhood
wise and beneficent
wise dissertations
wistful and dreamy
wistful entreaty
wit and jocularity      
withdraw into solitude
withered and wan
withering scorn
witnessing approval
witty expedient
wizard influence
woe and lamentation
woebegone countenance
woeful weariness
wolfish tendency
womanlike loveliness
won by aggression
wonder and delight
wonderful affluence
wonted activity            
word of opprobrium       
wordy warfare
work and utility
work of supererogation   
work with zeal
world of fantasy
worldly and ambitious
worn by time
worth and excellence
worthy achievement
worthy of mention
wounded avarice
wrath and menace
wrathful pugnacity
wrenched by emotions
wretched and suppliant
wretched effeminacy
wriggling disputant
writhing opponent
yawning space
yearning and eagerness
yearning tenderness
yield to reason
yielding and obedience
yielding disposition
yoke and bondage
yoke of convention
young and fragile
youthful ambition
youthful and callow        
zeal and vehemence
zealous devotion
zenith and climax
zest and freshness
zest of enjoyment
zigzag and deviating
zigzag method
zone of delusion
zoologically considered
oh hello there
jetbrains best of the best
@author CrazyDoctor(CrazyPhD)
i have crippling depression
directed by robert b weide